Released on 2020/05/13

## Shiny new things
- You can now make custom hotkeys in settings.
- There are now new commands in the Command Palette for toggle preview, splitting panes, open settings, and more. 
- The file explorer now has a "make a copy" option in the file menu.
- For the Daily Note and the ZK prefixer, you can now set the folder path to save to. 
- You can also now change the date format for the Daily Note.
- The ZK Prefixer will now automatically increment the minute if the file already exists. 
- The editor now has an option to show line numbers, which is helpful for vim mode.
- Footnotes now work in preview.

## Changes

- In the Graph View, now hovering the circle will highlight the node (it used to only highlight when hovering file name).
- The external link icon in preview is back.
- Clicking on a backlink match now jumps to the matched line.
- We now keep scroll location when toggling between editor and preview.
- When doing a Roam import, we now convert Roam {{[[TODO]]}} and {{[[DONE]]}} to markdown checkboxes.
- The editor now uses variable-width font instead of monospace by default (you can use custom css to do monospace if you prefer).
- We changed the multi-cursor trigger from `ctrl+click` to `ctrl+alt+click` so it doesn't surprise people.
- Search now wraps lines at end of word instead of character.

## No longer broken
- We fixed heading folding getting reset when clicking on the editor.
- Load speed is now drastically increased for large vaults.
- New folder placeholder name no longer show up as "[object Object] Untitled".
- Horizontal split no longer causes an extra empty pane to open vertically on the left.
- Long urls now properly wrap rather than taking up their own line.
- We fixed internal links not being clickable in editor if it's the first thing in a list item.
- Things like [[]] no longer highlight everything behind it in the editor.
- Things between dollar signs like $text$ no longer get highlighted.
- Similarly, an arrow ==> is now recognized as not a highlight.