Released on 2020/05/10.

## Shiny new things

- **Open multiple files side by side**. See how you can now [[work with multiple notes]].
- **New Markdown editor**!
  - You can now use `Ctrl+B` and `Ctrl+I` to bold and italicize selected text.
  - List markers (including task list) are created for you when you press `Enter`.
  - You can now fold headings and lists.
  - Brackets and Markdown syntax are now auto-paired for you.
- **Sort files** in [[file explorer]]. You can sort by both file name and last modified time.
- Search within file. `Ctrl+F` to open the search, and use `F3` to jump to next match, or `Shift+F3` to the previous match. `Esc` to exit search.
- Improved [[search]] performance for large vaults. Stress tested with 10,000 Markdown files.
- `Ctrl+Shift+F` to jump straight to [[search]]. Start typing right away!
- New plugin: **[[Zettelkasten prefixer]]**.
- New plugin: **[[Daily notes]]**.
- Better onboarding! You can now create an emty vault if you don't have one, and import the help docs (yes, this folder) to your vault.
- Obsidian now auto-updates to the newest version on restart.
- `obsidian.css` will now be live loaded and changes are reflected in real time, hopefully making it faster to make CSS themes!

## Changes

There are some changes we've made to Obsidian. Might take some time to get used to -- but we think it's for the better!

- By default, the 2-pane preview layout is gone. If you want to restore to that view, `Shift+Click` the preview button on the title bar. `Click` will turn the current view into preview.
- Note title bar is now much smaller, allow you to see more text (and longer titles)! It's especially nice when you [[work with multiple notes]].
- We removed back and forward navigation buttons now that you can have multiple files open. You can still use the shortcuts (`Ctrl/Cmd+Alt+Left/Right`) to navigate though.
- Plugin list is moved into settings. You don't need to access it that often anyway.
- Action buttons like [[graph view]] and [[quick switcher]] are moved to the top, leaving only settings at the bottom.

## No longer broken

- Fixed Markdown formatting in task list items will break preview.
- Fixed nested task lists not working.
- Fixed cannot delete empty folders.
- Fixed adding duplicate file extensions (e.g. `.png` when dropping file into another folder).
- Fixed a single "#" being recognized as a tag.
- Subfolder changes are now watched recursively on Linux.
- Fixed files and folders that start with `.` were not ignored, e.g. `.git` or `.gitignore`.
- Fixed window size not preserved across sessions.
- Fixed multiple audio recorder icons appear when you repeatedly enable and disable the plugin.
- Removed Electron help menu items.