Released on 2020/06/20.

## Shiny new things

- We've added command palette options for navigation between panes (up/down/left/right), as well as open in default app. And, yes, you can make them hotkeys!
- We've also added a command palette, and thus the possibility of hotkeys, for toggling the fold on the current line, as well as swapping lines up and down.
- And there's now a command available to toggle pinning of a pane as well. So many commands! 
- Vim mode now has a prompt for `:`, `/`, and `?`.
- Sidebar notes can now be switched between preview and edit using the context menu.
- Also, we have a Spellchecker now! It's only US/English for now, but at least you can spellcheck _a_ language! Turn this on in Settings => Editor.

## Changes

- `Select all` has been removed from the context menu.
- Rename now selects the whole file name.
- We've revamped Automatic update.  Now it checks every hour, has a button to check right away, and has a way to disable automatic updates. THIS WON'T WORK FOR NOW on the insider build because it requires a new installer, so this will only be in the public release.
- We now allow customizing `Cmd/Ctrl+K`, which was previously reserved for the markdown editor's insert link.

## No longer broken

- Search highlighting now shows through code and `==` highlight.
- We fixed the misalignment of the images in the dmg in MacOS. We know that was very important to some of you.
- There was a very weird Javascript bug wherein a file could not be named "Constructor." You can now name a file "constructor." Thanks, Javascript.
- We fixed context menus sometimes getting stuck open.
- We fixed link and tag autocomplete showing up too far on the left.
- And we fixed block LaTeX not being recognized without a newline before it.
- We fixed internal links not working in edit mode when it contains _ or when spellchecker picks up a word.
