Released on 2020/07/01.

## Shiny new things

- We added a "strict markdown line break" option for previews, which obeys markdown's original newline spec. This will cause single line breaks to be ignored.
- `Ctrl/Cmd-D` can now be customized.
- We added new commands for folding/unfolding all lines.

## Changes

- Spellcheck will now ignore URLs and code blocks.
- Spellcheck now has a user dictionary. Right click + `Add to dictionary` to add. Settings -> Editor -> Spellcheck (gears icon) to remove words from the dictionary.
- Pinning panes will now be applied to the whole group of linked panes.

## No longer broken

- "Replace all" can now undo and redo in a single operation.
- `Ctrl/Cmd-[` and `Ctrl/Cmd-]` no longer override vim mode.
- We added a notice for when saving fails, which could happen if the USB drive containing the vault is ejected.
- We fixed the `split pane` command and shortcut creating empty panes when current pane was pinned.
- Footnotes now go to the right place. The link destination will now also be highlighted. 
- We fixed the bug where front-matter containing the string `---` could cause the editor to crash.
- Auto-detected URLs in the editor will no longer include the space or period characters after.
- And we fixed "Focus on above/below/left/right pane" option not always finding the correct pane to focus.
- Graph view now stops all activity soon after you stop interacting with it. This should save quite some CPU cycles if you prefer to have a graph open at all times.
