Released on 2020/07/02.

## Shiny new things

- We now render mermaid diagrams! [Mermaid](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/#/) is a markup language similar to markdown for producing diagrams and flow charts. The syntax to work with mermaid is a backtick-fenced code block, with the type set to `mermaid`, like so:

```mermaid
graph TD;
    A-->B;
    A-->C;
    B-->D;
    C-->D;
```

- There's now folder auto-complete for plugin options that select folders.
- We now auto pair ==highlight== syntax. We've also added a command & hotkey for this, similar to bold and italics.

## Changes

- We've moved workspace-related ephemeral data from `.obsidian/config` to its own file `.obsidian/workspace`.
- When suggesting links, the first item will only be automatically selected if you type at least 1 character.
- Bare URLs without a scheme prefix will no longer be automatically detected as links. Add "https://" for it to be recognized. (For example, `obsidian.md` vs `https://obsidian.md`)

## No longer broken

- Sometimes trying to auto-link backlinks in "unlinked mentions" could be clicked multiple times producing a `[[link]]nk]]nk]]`. Thankfully, that no longer happens.
- We fixed LaTeX sometimes hanging the app if `$` was included in the middle.
- We also fixed LaTeX couldn't include escaped `$`. You can now do that with `\$`
- We've optimized HTML rendering to speed up re-rendering for big documents.
- `Ctrl/Cmd-B` and `Ctrl/Cmd-I` are now customizable.
- Indenting/unindenting using "smart indent lists" should no longer become "NaN."
- Consecutive links `[[link1]][link2]]` now links to the correct place in edit mode.
