---
localized: false
permalink: teams/publish
cssclasses:
  - soft-embed
---
Obsidian makes it easy to create and edit wikis, knowledge bases, documentation, and other types of websites. It can be used as an editing tool or CMS for both internal and external sites.

## Publishing tools and services

You can create public and private sites using the official [[ការណែនាំអំពី Obsidian Publish|Obsidian Publish]] service, and publish directly from the Obsidian app.

Obsidian also works with a variety of third-party publishing tools. Obsidian is compatible with most static site generators (SSGs) such as Jekyll, Hugo, Astro, and Quartz. Community plugins allow you to publish to other services such as Confluence, Jira, and more.

## Advanced collaboration for Obsidian Publish

For more information on setting up an [[ការណែនាំអំពី Obsidian Publish|Obsidian Publish]] site, please review the following articles:

- [[ការណែនាំអំពី Obsidian Publish]]
- [[សហការលើគេហទំព័រ Publish]]
- [[ដែនកំណត់របស់ Publish]]

If you are part of a larger team, you may need to pair Obsidian Publish with a more advanced version control system, such as Git. You can combine Publish with an external version control system, or use it in conjunction with a syncing service like [[ការណែនាំអំពី Obsidian Sync|Obsidian Sync]] to keep changes in sync across multiple users.

For example, this documentation site is hosted and Obsidian Publish and version control is managed via a public [GitHub repository](https://github.com/obsidianmd/obsidian-help).

### Media

Obsidian Publish is designed to primarily process plain text files and smaller images, presenting them on a website for viewing. Obsidian Publish is not designed to host large file size media, such as high-resolution image galleries and videos. For this we recommend hosting your assets on a dedicated CDN.

### Frequently asked questions

**Does every employee need to purchase a Publish subscription?**
No. Only the site owner needs to purchase an Obsidian Publish subscription.

