Obsidian has two sidebars on both left and right. The left sidebar includes the [[روبان]].

## گشودنِ نوارهای کناریِ پنهان

If a sidebar is collapsed, you can open it by clicking on the Arrow icon to expand it.

This commonly happens when you enable a plugin but can't find it anywhere. Chances are the new tab created by the plugin is hidden in one of the sidebars, so be sure to check there.

## زبانه‌ها

By default, plugins will only create new tabs instead of new [[#Tab groups]].

You can switch between tabs by clicking on the icon. A tooltip will also appear to help you identify tabs.

In each pane, you can only see one tab at any given moment. Some actions will automatically bring a tab into view, for example when you click on a tag.

### بستنِ زبانه‌ها

Some tabs can be closed via the right click menu, but some can't. If you don’t want to see a tab that can't be closed, consider disabling the relevant plugin or collapsing the sidebar by clicking on the Arrow icon.

### بازآراییِ زبانه‌ها

You can drag and drop the tab icons to rearrange them within a group of tabs.

## گروهِ زبانه

You can have multiple tab groups in the sidebar.

### ساختنِ گروهِ زبانه

To get a new tab group, drag the icon of a tab above or below a current tab group. The highlighted area will indicate where the new tab group will be created.

### بستنِ گروهِ زبانه

To close a tab group, you can [[#Close tabs|close all tabs in it]], or drag all tabs in it by their icons and drop them into existing tab groups.

When only the tab area of a tab group is highlighted, the tab being dragged will be dropped into that tab group to merge with other tabs in that group.
