## ベータステータス

As of 2021/03/26, the mobile apps are in only closed beta. It is currently available to Obsidian Catalyst license holders for the `VIP` and `Supporter` tiers only.

In a few weeks, once the app is more stable, we will roll out to Catalyst Insiders, and then later to everyone else.

## 入手する

The mobile beta is currently only available to holders of the [VIP/Supporter Catalyst license](https://obsidian.md/pricing).

If you already have a VIP/Supporter Catalyst license, [join our Discord](https://discord.gg/veuWUTm).  If you don't have your badge yet, [[Catalyst license#Discord badge|you can get it in your Account page]].

Once you get your badge, you can access the beta as well as provide feedback in the #mobile channel. To find the instructions for installing the mobile apps, check the pinned messages in the #mobile channel.

## フィードバックはどのように行えばよいですか？

Before reporting an issue or submitting a feature request, please visit [the list of known issues on our forum](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/list-of-known-issues/14286) to see what's already known and on the roadmap.

The current group being rolled out can access the #mobile channel on Discord as well as the new Mobile category on the forum, given you've obtained the badges for your Catalyst tier.

To keep track of bug reports and feature requests, please direct them to the forum as usual. Thank you for trying out our beta!

## ドキュメンテーション

For more details on how to use Obsidian for Mobile, including guides for setting up sync, see [[Obsidian Mobile]].