---
localized: false
permalink: payment
cssclasses:
  - list-cards
  - list-cards-mobile-full
aliases:
  - Licenses and payment/Gifting
---
Obsidian offers several services and licenses available for purchase.

- [[ការណែនាំអំពី Obsidian Sync|Obsidian Sync]]
	- Sync notes across devices.
- [[ការណែនាំអំពី Obsidian Publish|Obsidian Publish]]
	- Publish notes to the web.
- [[ឥណទាន Obsidian]]
	- Purchase and Gift Obsidian services.
- [[អាជ្ញាប័ណ្ណពាណិជ្ជកម្ម]]
	- Support Obsidian and become a featured organization.
- [[អាជ្ញាប័ណ្ណ catalyst]]
	- Support Obsidian and get early access versions.

 [[ការបញ្ចុះតម្លៃសម្រាប់ការអប់រំ និងអង្គការមិនរកប្រាក់ចំណេញ|Discounts]] are available for Obsidian Sync and Publish for educational and non-profit organizations. See our [[គោលការណ៍សងប្រាក់វិញ]] for more information.

## Purchase a service or license

1. Log in or create [your Obsidian account](https://obsidian.md/account).
2. Navigate to the section corresponding to the item you wish to purchase:
    1. **Obsidian Sync** can be found in the **Sync** section.
    2. **Obsidian Publish** can be found in the **Publish** section.
    3. **Obsidian Credit** can be found in the **Billing** section.
    4. **Commercial licenses** can be found in the **License** section.
    5. **Catalyst licenses** can be found in the **Catalyst** section.
3. Click the purple **Buy** button to proceed with your purchase.

We accept the following payment methods: Stripe, PayPal, WeChat, and AliPay.

> [!info] PayPal and fees
> PayPal purchases will be processed in Canadian Dollars (CAD). You may incur a foreign transaction fee from your card issuer, and PayPal may charge a currency conversion fee.

After completing your payment, you will receive a receipt from the service through which you made the purchase.

## Generate an invoice

Obsidian generates an invoice for all purchases within your account. To retrieve your invoice:

1. Log in to [your Obsidian account](https://obsidian.md/account/billing).
2. Go to the **Billing** section.
3. Next to **Invoices and refunds**, select **View**.
    1. If multiple invoices are available, select the invoice you want to review and click **View** or **Download**.

### Editing an invoice

If you need to edit information on the invoice, such as the billing address or VAT number, follow these steps:

1. Log in to [your Obsidian account](https://obsidian.md/account/billing).
2. Navigate to the **Billing** section.
3. Next to **Invoices and refunds**, select **View**.
    1. If multiple invoices are available, select the invoice you want to review and click **View**.
4. In the **Bill To:** section, the text box will be editable.
5. Make your edits, and then you can download your updated invoice.

