Released on 2021/12/14.

## Shiny new things

- Added basic RTL (right-to-left) text support. The option can be found in Settings > Editor.

## Live preview improvements

- Fixed pasting from websites causes duplicate text to be inserted.
- Fixed sometimes the list bullet, or the checkbox shows up duplicated when selecting text.
- Improved the onboarding modal for selecting whether to use legacy editor or live preview.
- Relaunching after changing the legacy editor option now properly saves the option value, without having to wait for one second.
- When switching out of legacy editor, all edit panes will automatically use the default edit mode, rather than always staying in source mode.
- Fixed some actions like indenting and unindenting sometimes moves the cursor to unintended spots.
- Fixed an issue where selections look really bad if the first line of the document has a list.
- Internal links that start with `#` for heading sections will now hide the `#` when not selected to avoid confusion with tags.
- Fixed vim mode scrolling commands like `zz`, `zt` and `zb`.
- Fixed blocks like embeds and custom code blocks aren't properly included in the fold if they're at the end of the fold section.
- Fixed re-focusing on the editor sometimes causes the selection to jump to the beginning of the file.
- Improved inline footnotes parsing.

## No longer broken

- Fixed tooltips wrap text in awkward spots.
- Fixed outgoing links unlinked mentions cuts off items that has a dot in the file name.
- Fixed changing image alt text does not update in reading view.
