Released on 2021/11/10.

## Shiny new things

- Live Preview (also known as "WYSIWYG" mode) is now available for insider testing.
	- To enable it, go to `Settings > Editor > Experimental Live Preview`. Changing this option requires a restart to take effect.
	- **The live preview mode is highly experimental and many bugs are expected. Please report bugs in the Discord server under the `insider-desktop` channel.**
	- Once you turn on this option, there is a command to toggle source mode as well as a pane menu option.
	- Current features
		- Hide markdown formatting syntax.
		- Embedded notes, images, audio, video, PDFs and notes using the wikilink syntax will show a preview in the editor.
		- Embedded images using the markdown syntax from external sources will show previewed.
		- Block (`$$`) LaTeX will show a preview. Inline LaTeX will be implemented in a future release.
		- Checklists will be replaced with a checkbox. Clicking on it will toggle the check status.
	- **Not implemented yet and coming soon**
		- Embeds using Markdown link syntax.
		- Inline LaTeX.
		- HTML blocks.
		- Custom code blocks (including plugin rendered blocks like Admonition and Dataview).
		- Improved list bullets (and hide bullet with checklists).
		- Tables.

## Improvements

- Added `webp` image support.
- Obsidian Sync
	- The remote vault selection dialog has been reworked to prevent accidentally connecting to a different remote vault, causing unintentional vault merges.
	- A warning has also been added to confirm the merging of local and remote vaults when the local vault already contains files.

## No longer broken

- Copy code block button now also shows up on code blocks without a language.
- Fixed tabs becoming spaces within code blocks in preview mode.
- Fixed tab size not respected in preview mode.
- Fixed right clicking on search result matches not working.
- Fixed backlink in preview mode not updated when switching to an empty note.
- Fixed embeds in exported PDF documents not showing page title.
- Fixed code blocks in exported PDF documents sometimes contain duplicate characters when copied to clipboard when using Obsidian's dark mode.
- Fixed code blocks in exported PDF not wrapping.
- Fixed app zoom hotkeys stops working after opening a PDF document.
- Changing font size will no longer cause the cursor in the editor to behave erratically.
- Fixed navigating to headings, block IDs, and search results sometimes not scrolling down properly.
- Fixed navigating in local graph sometimes causes the navigation history to skip over a file.

## Developers

- There is now an `append` function for both the `Vault` and the `Adapter` APIs.
- There is now a function to sanitize HTML called `sanitizeHTMLToDom` which returns a `DocumentFragment` of the sanitized HTML content.
- You can now `setInstructions` for an `EditorSuggest`.
- There is now a `wordAt` function on the `Editor` interface.
