Released on 2022/05/03.

## Shiny new things for Obsidian Publish

- You can now collaborate on your site using their Obsidian account, so that multiple users can publish to the same site.
	- This can be done in "Site options" > "Site collaboration"
	- All site members can publish pages to the site.
	- Only the owner can change the configurations and manage members.
	- Only the owner needs to pay for the site, collaborators can join for free.
	- Note that collaborators should ensure they have synced the latest edition of the site before making changes.

- You can now configure a list of included and a list of excluded folders when publishing changes.
	- If a page is matched to the inclusion list, then it will be automatically selected for publishing.
	- If a page is matched to the exclusion list, it will be completely removed from the list of pages to publish.
	- The frontmatter `publish:` flag will override this setting for individual notes.
	- Exclusions take priority over inclusions.

- In the "Publish changes" dialog, you can now right click on each note for a list of options, such as...
	- Open the page on the live site.
	- Open the note locally.
	- Compare your local version with the live version.
	- Discard local changes and download the live version.

## Improved

- Sync diffs now render as unified diffs to conserve space.
- File recovery will now show diffs as well.
- `opus` audio files are now recognized as a supported file type.
- Unlinked mentions for outgoing links now respects the exclusion filter.

## No longer broken

- Fixed fonts sometimes not working with some themes and plugins using legacy css variables.
- Disabled `sec-ua-hint` to reduce issues with iframes.
- Fixed callout titles not working with strict line break turned on.
- Fixed selecting words in headings will invisibly also select to the beginning of the line.
- Fixed global graphs not showing unsupported attachments.
- Fixed "show context menu under cursor" not triggered correctly when app is zoomed.
- Fixed dragging and dropping files into the editor not showing the proper action verb text.
- Fixed callouts in Live Preview not showing unresolved links as faded.
- Fixed embeds within callouts in Live Preview not live updating and unable to click on checklists.

## Developer

- Fixed tab not working in modals.
- `registerDomEvent` can now take an options object (for things like `{capture: true}`).
- Added `goWordLeft` and `goWordRight` editor commands.
