Released on 2021/10/06.

## Shiny new things

- The theme store has received a massive upgrade! The interface has been completely revamped, now with download counts, sorting options, and a button to update each theme.
- There is now a new core plugin called "Slash commands". Activating it will allow you to type `/` while editing to trigger any command.

## Improvements

- Updated CodeMirror 5 with several bug fixes.
- Updated Mermaid.js with several bug fixes.

## No longer broken

- Removed hardcoded navigation shortcuts `Alt+Left/Right`.
- Fixed large pages with multiple queries causes some queries to stop working.
- Fixed some search operators when used in combination causes wrong results.
- Fixed rare case of workspace leaving an empty space in the sidebar that can't be closed.
- Fixed sync's setting history modal has the incorrect title of "deleted files".

## Developers

- Command palette now renders the plugin name and command name in separate elements to facilitate CSS styling.
- Plugins that crash after `onLayoutReady` will now show a message to help debug.
- New `EditorSuggest` is now accessible to the API to provide in-line suggestions, like auto-complete. This is what powers the link auto-complete, tag auto-complete, and slash commands.
- `Keymap` has now been exposed with `isModEvent` to help check if the user is holding `Ctrl/Cmd` or pressing the middle mouse button. This is used as a convention to "open in new pane".
- There are now 3 new workspace events:
	- `editor-change` fired when an editor has received changes. This event happens fairly frequently so please be mindful of performance when using it.
	- `editor-paste` fired before the editor handles a paste event. If you handle the paste event, you should call `evt.preventDefault()` to let the next handler know that it's been handled.
	- `editor-drop` fired before the editor receives a drop event. Works the same was as the paste event.
