Released on 2021/07/26.

## Shiny new things

- You can now use the keyboard to navigate and select context menus.
- There is now a search bar to find core plugins better.
- Graph view will now highlight the current focused file in a different color. This can be configured through the css class `.graph-view.color-fill-focused`, or disabled if you set the color to `transparent`.
- There is now a YAML frontmatter flag for `publish:`. This flag affects the UI when uploading files to your publish site:
	- When publishing, the default behavior without this flag is to auto-select changed files, but not new files.
	- If you set `publish: true`, then new files are auto-selected to publish.
	- If you set `publish: false`, then we will pretend this file does not exist when publishing. This file will not show up in new/changed files. If this file was previously published, you will see an option to delete it instead.

## Breaking changes

- The legacy `obsidian.css` has been deprecated and is no longer supported. If you were using it, you can migrate by moving it to `.obsidian/themes/` and rename it to your theme's name. Then, choose that theme in the Appearance > Theme setting.

## Improvements

- For security reasons, there is now a confirmation box when clicking on links to non-standard URLs (any protocol that is not `http://` or `https://`). You can ask the app to not ask again on a per-protocol basis.

## No longer broken

- Fixed graph view's hotkey/command not working.
- Fixed note composer not leaving empty lines when splitting a heading.
- Removing a local vault from the vault switcher will now properly clears any associated cache, as well as disassociate it from Obsidian Sync.
- Fixed tables that are longer than the pane's width previously couldn't be scrolled all the way to the right side.
