Released on 2021/06/21.

## Shiny new things

- There's a new core plugin called "Note Composer" that can help you merge and split notes quickly.
	- New command and menu option are available for merging current note into another one.
	- Select text and right click for the option to extract it into a separate note.
	- You can choose to apply a template for extracted notes. The extracted text will be filled into the `{{content}}` variable in the template. Other variables like `{{fromTitle}}`, `{{newTitle}}`, `{{date:YYYY-MM-DD}}` are also available.

## Improvements

- Core plugins now has their commands prefixed with their plugin name, which makes them easier to find in Command Palette.
- The right click menu in edit mode is now unified into a single consistent menu, which contains the cut/copy/paste/select all options, spellcheck suggestions, as well as link options if available.

## No longer broken

- Syntax highlighting will now properly recognize any character for task lists.
- Pasting images from Chrome now properly works to import it on MacOS.
- Quick switcher now no longer ranks subfolder matches significantly lower than poor file name matches.
- Text overflowing modals now properly scroll rather than clip at the edge of the screen.
- Plugins causing an error in `checkCallback` no longer breaks the command palette.
- Fixed backlink in document not showing up in an empty file.
- Fixed drag-and-drop panes not working when right sidebar has no panes and is completely hidden.

## Developers

- Fixed `data-path` not updated when folders are renamed.
- There is now a `editor-menu` event on `Workspace`, which can be used to add more options to the context menu inside the editor.
