Released on 2021/12/13.

## Live preview improvements

- Restored legacy editor to be default for now.
- Fixed gutter elements (line numbers and fold indicators) misalignment.
- Fixed Live Preview sometimes run into situations where it stops being parsed and highlighted halfway down the document.
- Fixed drag and drop text duplicates instead of moves selected text.
- Fixed several operations such as pasting, undo/redo, drag and drop, etc, causes duplicate characters or phrases to linger in the document.
- Fixed `Ctrl/Cmd+Shift+Z` stopped working for undo.
- Fixed full line embeds has an extra line after it.
- Improved external images rendering when on its own line.
- Empty headings will now keep the `#` characters in view to help see that it's an empty heading.
- Inline LaTeX will no longer be accidentally recognized when the ending sign is followed by a digit like `$10`.
- Fixed several commands that sometimes mis-position the selection after the command executes.
- Spellchecking is now properly applied to wiki links.
- Fixed some themes and plugins accidentally introduces margins, causing editor selections to misbehave.
- Fixed vim mode jumps by two lines sometimes.

## Improvements

- Reverted editing/reading icon state. We will try to improve this in a future version.
- Improved markdown formatting commands like bold and italics detection when selecting the outside layer.
- Markdown formatting commands now ignores whitespace characters at the beginning or ending of the selection when being applied.
- Backlink in document can now be turned on by default in the settings page of the core plugin "Backlinks".
