Released on 2021/05/25.

## Shiny new things

- Quick switcher now has an option to show links to files that haven't been created yet.
- A new core plugin "Outgoing links" is now available.
	- It shows a list of destinations your note links to.
	- It also gives a list of unlinked mentions from the current note that can be linked.
	- This plugin is disabled by default, and you must enable it first to see the new side panel.

## Improvements

- Graph view's right click menu now has an option to open the note in a new pane.
- The last opened setting tab is now saved when you close and re-open the setting dialog.
- The folding state of the metadata section in preview is now saved, and will be synced with the folding of the frontmatter in edit view.
- Obsidian Sync's status icon will now show red when not connected to the server.
- Exiting from editor search using the escape key now puts the cursor back.

## No longer broken

- Fixed Obsidian Publish dialog checking a folded folder doesn't work.
- Fixed removing the right sidebar still left a gap.
- Fixed resizing sidebars can sometimes go beyond the app window.
- Graph now updates correctly when files are renamed.
- Renaming files while using markdown links no longer cause unnecessary characters to be url encoded.
- Markdown links to files that haven't been created yet will no longer cause an entry with `.md` to show up in link auto-complete.
- Fixed navigation history sometimes skips a note.
- Fixed navigating from a non-active linked pane causes the navigation history to forget the previous note.

## Developers

- Status bar elements now have a css class of the plugin ID added to it, for example, `plugin-word-count`.
