Released on 2022/03/28.

## Shiny new things

- You can now move, rename or locate your vaults directly from the vault switcher.
- There is now a new in-app help page with links to the online help docs, Discord, forum, as well as the sandbox vault.
- The local help vault has been replaced with a sandbox vault.
- You can now set the font for the interface and the editor directly under appearance settings. Note that some themes may override this font setting.

## Improved

- Improved Live Preview clicking experience for callouts and embeds.
- Improved `<iframe>` for some websites that disallows being iframed.
- There's now a command to open context menu for the current cursor location.
- Vim mode up/down now goes into rendered code blocks, embeds, callouts, or tables in Live Preview instead of skipping them.
- Pasting and dropping images or media files that are already located in the vault will now link to it directly instead of duplicating the file.

## No longer broken

- Fixed Chinese IME on Windows causes selection issues when using punctuation characters.
- Fixed multi-line block math in blockquotes not working in Live Preview.
- Fixed clicking on checkbox in callouts not working in Live Preview.
- Fixed unindent always keeps one extra space when use tabs is turned off.
- Fixed Quick Switcher not respecting relative path for creating new files.
- Fixed unable to select text within embeds in Live Preview.
- Fixed memory leak when closing local graph view.
- Fixed using the editor search or replace commands doesn't auto-fill selected text when search or replace is already open.
- Fixed switching focus to another pane doesn't blur previous pane if new pane doesn't handle being focused.
- Fixed Audio Recorder's webm files can't be seeked and doesn't show total time.
- Fixed pasting images on macOS is inconsistent between Firefox, Chrome and Safari.
- Fixed folding not loading properly sometimes when using horizontal rules.

## Developers

- Callouts now has its metadata (the part in `![type|metadata]`) put into its html as `data-callout-metadata`.
- `<webview>` tags are now allowed to be used to embed external content for plugins (Electron/desktop app only).
- Updated DOMPurify, Turndown, Mermaid, PIXI.js, and Prism.js.
- Obsidian URI's `new` action now has an optional `append` flag and an optional `overwrite` flag. If `append` is set, it will append to an existing file if one is found. If `override` is set, it will overwrite an existing file if one is found, but only if `append` isn't set.
- Obsidian URI's `new` and `hook-get-address` actions can now optionally accept `x-success` as part of the `x-callback-url` specifications, and will return a `name`, `url`, and `file` (`file://`) as the returned URL parameters.
- `Menu` constructor no longer requires `App` to be passed in.

