Released on 2021/06/07.

## Shiny new things

- The template core plugin now has commands to insert the current time or the current date.
- There's now a new dedicated command to focus on the editor.

## Improvements

- Pasting images copied from Chrome's "Copy image" menu action will now properly import the image to the vault, instead of creating a link to the image's original URL.
- On MacOS, in some rare setups, the file system API may stop working, which should now be caught by Obsidian if any action takes over 60 seconds.
- Upgraded MathJax and Mermaid to latest versions.

## No longer broken

- The strikethrough command now works properly instead of erroneously adding highlight markers.
- Block math now no longer adds an extra empty line after it when immediately followed by a line of text.
- Quick switcher no longer errors out when opening a non-existent file when the new file location is set to current note.
- During link auto-completion, typing `#` or `^` when selecting an alias should now put the cursor in the correct place.
- Opening the app no longer opens to an empty editor with a file called "No file" if the file was deleted. Instead it will correctly open the "No file is open" page.
- Fixed performance issue with very long lines of text.
- In the editor, using two `:` in text no longer causes text to be grayed out in between.
- Fixed some Mermaid diagrams not rendering properly (journey missing text, gantt unreadable active task, class diagrams have very faint text).
- Fixed autocomplete fuzzy sorting algorithm that previously prioritized punctuation over space characters.

## Developers

- There is now a function available for converting HTML to Markdown called `htmlToMarkdown`, which is using a pre-configured Turndown Service.
