Released on 2021/12/17.

## Shiny new things

- There is now a new Core plugin called "Editor status" which adds a status bar item showing you the current editor mode. You can also use it to toggle the editor mode.

## Live preview improvements

- Internal links to non-existent files will now look dimmer than regular links.
- Fixed drop cursor is invisible in dark mode, also fixed drop cursor doesn't position correctly when document is scrolled.
- Fixed IME on MacOS sometimes causes duplicate characters to be entered.
- Fixed vim mode `g`  related keys causes vim mode to crash until app is restarted.
- Middle click now opens internal links in new panes.
- Removed very faint background colors on external links.
- Fixed pressing `Enter` on an indented line does not keep the indent properly.
- Fixed long tables broken again due to an engine upgrade.
- Fixed tables has a weird extra spacing after the last `|` character.

## Improved

- Word count will now no longer re-calculate on every change, but instead re-compute at most twice every second, to spare some CPU time.

## Developers

- The `changed` event on MetadataCache now contains the file contents as well as the parsed metadata object.
- There is now two helper functions for `HTMLElement`: `isShown()` which tells you whether this element is shown, and `onNodeInserted` which can add a callback for when the element is shown. These statuses depend on the element to be attached to the DOM and require not having any parent or ancestor with the css `display: none`.
