Released on 2020/12/14.

## Shiny new things

- You can now select multiple files in file explorer using `Alt+Click`, or multiple consecutive files using `Shift+Click`.
- You can now reorder starred items.
- You can now **drag files from** various of places:
	- Drag a file (or multiple files) from the file explorer, just like before.
	- Drag a file from a search result.
	- Drag a file from a backlink, or an unlinked reference.
	- Drag a file from the starred pane.
- You can now **drop files to** various places:
	- Drop a file (or multiple files) onto a folder to move it there. You can even do this with files you picked up from anywhere, like a search result. It doesn't have to be from the file explorer.
	- Drop a file to a pane's top header section to open the file in that pane.
	- Drop a file directly into the editor to insert it as a link. The generated link also follows your preferences, such as relative paths, or using markdown links.
	- Drop a file in another application or in another Obsidian vault to generate an `obsidian://` link the same way it's generated as "Copy obsidian url".
	- Drop a file to the starred pane to star it.
- You can now drag a supported file from your system explorer to a folder in Obsidian's file explorer to import a copy there.
- There is now a dialog with options for page size, landscape mode, and margin options for export to PDF.
- You can now choose the tab size in editor settings.

## Improvements

- Quitting the app and restarting will now restore previously open vaults. This will also work on the "relaunch" button after an update has been downloaded.
- On macOS, Obsidian will no longer quit when all windows are closed.
- Pressing `Tab` will now insert spaces if `Use tab to indent` is turned off.
- Various visual improvements are added for dragging and dropping panes.
- The app window's title will now indicate the vault name.
- If you have too many ribbon icons, it can now be scrolled to access them all, instead of clipping out the last few icons.
- If the more options menu is too long, it can now be scrolled to access menu options that was previously off-screen.

## No longer broken

- Sometimes after opening multiple popup windows, all hotkeys stop working. That shouldn't happen anymore.
- With an open note in Obsidian that's been edited outside or by a plugin, sometimes the last newline character disappears. That should no longer happen.
- Fixed some edge cases where custom CSS causes IME positions to overlap the current line.
- Vault switcher should now have more space for certain languages that take more space than others.
- File names with multiple non-breaking spaces will now link properly.
- The about setting tab no longer populates twice when you click on "Check for updates" twice.
- The community plugins page no longer populates twice when you click on a plugin name twice.
- Creating new files will no longer fail if there exists a file called "untitled.md" in lowercase.
- Global search's input box will now expand to take the full width.
- Sync will no longer allow restoring the current version.

## Developers

- The workflow for augmenting CodeMirror has been improved:
	- `Plugin.registerCodeMirror(callback)` has been introduced to help plugins hook to CodeMirror instances that are already loaded, and also created in the future. This function is just a helper for `Workspace.iterateCodeMirrors(callback)` then `Workspace.on('codemirror', callback)`
	- `Workspace.iterateCodeMirrors(callback)` has been introduced to help plugins cleanup their CodeMirror events when the plugin unloads.
	- `App.on('codemirror', callback)` has been moved to `Workspace.on('codemirror', callback)`. The old method will be deprecated and will now proxy to the new one. There is no more event system on `App`. 
