Released on 2021/12/09.

## Shiny new things

- Obsidian Sync now has a bulk restore functionality for deleted files.
- "Preview mode" has been renamed to "Reading view" to avoid confusion.

## Live preview improvements

- Live Preview is now enabled by default. To switch to the old CodeMirror 5 based editor, toggle the "Legacy Editor" option.
- You can now set the default editing mode to Live Preview or Source Mode.
- Vim mode is now available for both Live Preview and Source mode.
- Completed task lists are now crossed out and greyed out to match reading view.
- Improved handling of up/down arrow keys interacting with blocks like embeds and code blocks.
- Improved selection when clicking on previewed blocks.
- Improved selection when selecting across hidden Markdown formatting syntax.
- Fixed drag and drop does not show caret where the drop will occur, and also sometimes inserts garbage content when dragging within the editor.
- Improved detection of inline HTML blocks.
- Improved blockquote handling.
- Fixed deleting auto-matched brackets like  `[` with backspace not deleting the closing counterpart `]`.
- Fixed HTML comments could cause a crash in the editor parser.
- Fixed clicking or selecting the end of the file selects to the beginning when there is a block at the end.

## No longer broken

- Fixed code block has an extra indent on the first line in reading view.
- Quick Switcher will now create new files relative to the file of the current active pane when new file option is set to be relative to current file.

## Developers

- Breaking change: the `data-task` css class has been moved to the line element, rather than being on each piece of `<span>`.
- The API for CodeMirror 6 has now been opened up. To deeply integrate with CodeMirror 6, you will be required to write an `Extension` to augment the editor. More details and tutorials will be available later.
