Released on 2022/02/28.

## Shiny new things

- Added new "Cycle bullet/checkbox" command that cycles between regular bullet, checkbox, and checked checkbox.

## Improvements

- Reduced chance of Obsidian Sync overwriting instead of merging when a rare race condition happens.
- Improve Obsidian Sync's handling of templated daily notes created on other devices (will require next mobile release to fully apply).
- Pressing `Enter` in an empty blockquote now extends the blockquote instead of exiting it. `Shift+Enter` can be used to exit the blockquote.

## No longer broken

- Fixed embeds in Live Preview blocks have an extra padding at the bottom.
- Fixed using many embeds and images in Live Preview sometimes causes click position detection to misbehave.
- Fixed outgoing links crash when encountering a link named "constructor".
- Fixed middle click in editor doesn't open in new pane.
- Fixed drag and drop in outline pane not working when pane is scrolled.
- Fixed LaTeX and inline code not properly sized in headings.
- Fixed Live Preview HTML blocks not respecting normal HTML white-spacing rules and rendering extra whitespace by default, causing newline characters to be rendered.
- Fixed `Ctrl/Cmd+G` stopped working in document search.
- Fixed various markdown syntax toggle commands like bold and italics misbehaving when working across multiple lines.
- Fixed multiple possible memory leak in editor when closing panes.
- Fixed a bug in list block ID parsing which caused links and embeds to resolve the parent list item instead of the specific child item.
- Fixed sometimes the context menu appears multiple times on screen.
- Fixed unable to see last few characters of long tables in legacy editor.
- Triple clicking text will now select the whole sentence without the ending newline character.

## Developers

- Theme developers: you can also now use variables for heading font sizes with `--h1`, `--h2`, etc. We've also moved heading font sizes from `cm-header-x` to `HyperMD-header-x` to avoid certain elements not being properly up-sized like LaTeX and inline code.
- There is a new `deleted` event on `MetadataCache` now.
- `DataAdapter.stat` now returns the OS `mtime` and `ctime` for folders.
- Obsidian's icon library now supports all icons from `lucide`, a currently maintained fork of `feather-icons` with 547 supported icons. No need to import `feather-icons` anymore. You can browse them at https://lucide.dev/
