Released on 2021/05/03.

## Shiny new things

- Command palette can now be configured to have "pinned" commands that appear at the top.
- Obsidian Publish now has a search filter in the upload dialog.

## Improvements

- Obsidian Sync no longer runs into a possible race condition which sometimes causes file to be recognized as deleted. This has only been observed happening on Obsidian Mobile so far.
- Vastly improved Obsidian Sync boot up speed. It will now also avoid re-scans of attachments when they haven't been changed.
- Obsidian Sync will now log the reason for connection errors to help with debugging.
- Embedding other notes with a heading or a block target will no longer render the whole note when the target cannot be found.
- On macOS, the trigger to change font size will now use the pinch-to-zoom gesture instead of `Cmd+Scroll`.
- Improved performance when sidebars are hidden.
- Caching/speed improvements for rendering images and other media files.

## No longer broken

- Fixed headings took too much space when line-wrapping.
- Fixed editor had a larger gap on the right side due to an improper CodeMirror upgrade.
- Fixed exiting the hotkey customization pane while the app is waiting for a hotkey causes keys to stop working.
- Fixed link suggestion not working with capital letters when over 10k files + aliases.
- The fold indicator in metadata section is now correctly aligned.
- Fixed bound command not preventing default when command doesn't execute, causing confusion.
- Fixed some plugins didn't show up when a sort filter is applied.
- Removed Ctrl/Cmd+M hotkey for minimizing the app, which was previously assigned by default from Electron.

## Developers

- You can now specify an `editorCallback` or `editorCheckCallback` in a command that will register your command as an editor command, which will allow it to be added to the editor toolbar on mobile.
- `Adapter` now has a `stat` function.
- There is now a `Platform` object that can be used to determine whether the app is on mobile, along with some other platform information.