Released on 2022/03/31.

## Shiny new things

- Font settings can now list all fonts installed in the system (requires installer update to v0.14.4).
- You can now assign multiple fonts to each font option, and the first available font will be used.

## Improved

- Obsidian Sync should now no longer create duplicate files when renaming a file while it is still syncing.
- Obsidian Sync now has a fully customizable sync folder exclusion system. This allows you to add exclusions to folders even if they don't exist locally.
- Auto-completing three backticks for code blocks now adds a newline automatically to avoid suddenly parsing the rest of the note as code.
- Toggle bold/italics will now smartly skip over the closing markers when at the end of the block, instead of adding more marker symbols.

## No longer broken

- Fixed on Linux the app doesn't properly watch for changes in the config folder.
- Fixed headings in lists not properly styled in Live Preview.
- Fixed duplicate event handlers for embeds, callouts, and tables blocks in Live Preview.
- Fixed app crashes on startup for platforms that doesn't have a configured documents folder.
- Fixed x-callback-url not properly taking into account existing `?` query parameters.
- Fixed move file dialog lags in vaults with lots of folders.
- Fixed `<webview>` unable to open pages externally in the browser.
- Fixed downloading or updating plugins without css causes one to appear with the contents "Not found".

## Developers

- CSS variables related to fonts have been renamed.
	- `--default-font` is now `--font-default` (but it will fallback to `--default-font`)
	- `--interface-font` is now `--font-interface`.
	- `--editor-font` is now `--font-text` and will cover both editing and reading.
- There is now a `--font-interface-theme` and `--font-text-theme` dedicated for themes to set the fonts.
- Each theme and snippet is now put into its own `<style>` tag to avoid issues with imports not working.
- `app` is now officially available as a global variable.
