Released on 2021/03/26.

## Shiny new things

- Backlinks and unlinked mentions can now be filtered using a search query.
- Several new features for Obsidian Publish:
	- Option to insert a Google Analytics code (make sure your local regulations allows). Note that this is only available for sites under a custom domain.
	- Option to run JavaScript on your site, by uploading a file named `publish.js` in the root of your vault. Note that this is only available for sites under a custom domain.
	- An option to redirect visitors from `publish.obsidian.md` to your custom domain.
	- Password protected sites on custom domains should now work even if third party cookies are blocked.

## Improvements

- Hotkeys in Obsidian will now override default hotkeys set by the CodeMirror editor, which previously would also be triggered, causing confusing behavior.
- On Windows and Linux, the non-standard editor hotkeys `Ctrl+Up/Down`, `Ctrl+Shift+Up/Down` and `Alt+Left/Right` have been removed to avoid confusion.
- On macOS, the `Option+B/F/D` hotkeys have been removed, and will now insert the special symbols `ƒ` `∫` and `∂` normally.
- On macOS, the legacy emacs navigation key bindings for the editor can now be disabled in the editor settings.
- Obsidian will now restore windows to your main screen on startup if they are off-screen, which could be caused by removing a monitor that was previously connected.
- Improved Tibetan language behavior in search and auto-complete.

## No longer broken

- `tiff` files are no longer listed as supported images. The browser engine didn't support it in the first place.
- Sync should no longer get stuck on files larger than 100mb.
