Released on 2021/01/19.

## Shiny new things

- Obsidian Publish now supports custom domains, subdomains or a sub-folder of your website. For details, [see the help docs](https://publish.obsidian.md/help/Licenses+%26+add-on+services/Obsidian+Publish#Custom+domain).
- There is now a button to copy heading links on Obsidian Publish.
- Global search now displays helpful tips on the various filters we support.
- Global search now has a way to clear the search history.

## Improvements

- PDF export settings are now persisted.
- There is now a button to update all plugins. In addition, installed plugins are now sorted alphabetically.
- Non-existing files are now properly displayed when there is a search filter for path applied, instead of completely removed.
- Mermaid has been upgraded to v8.8.4.
- Clicking on the backlink status bar item now opens the backlink pane.
- Opening the help vault will now open a translated version based on your selected language. Currently only supports Italian, Japanese, and Chinese. [Help us translate the help vault to your favorite language](https://github.com/obsidianmd/obsidian-docs).

## No longer broken

- The random note plugin no longer adds two ribbon icons.
- Hover preview now loads embedded search properly.
- Fixed uppercase block IDs not linking/embedding properly.
- Backlink panes now updates file titles correctly when a file is renamed.
- Opening a dialog no longer lets you accidentally focus or make modifications to the document behind the dialog.
- Pasting as HTML no longer copies over the text from `<style>` tags.
