Released on 2021/02/16.

## Shiny new things

- Obsidian will now recognize symlinks or folder junctions inside the vault. They are supported, but not recommended because of the many issues they can cause. To learn more, read here: https://help.obsidian.md/Advanced+topics/How+Obsidian+stores+data#Symbolic+Links
- You can now change the sorting order when browsing community plugins by alphabetical, initial release, or download count.
- When you drag and drop files from your native file explorer into Obsidian, it will now default to creating `file:///` absolute links. Holding the `Ctrl/Cmd` key will copy the files into your vault like it did previously.
- There is now a command to toggle comments. By default it's `Ctrl/Cmd` + `/`.

## Improvements

- Clicking on links to notes that haven't been created will now create the folder structure if the parent folders don't yet exist.
- Global search will now find attachments as well if you use `file:` or `path:` operators.
- You can now use `<iframe>` to embed even more sites that previously wouldn't show. This is done by patching the `Content-Security-Policy` header containing `frame-ancestors` that some websites use to prevent embedding.
- When looking through the version history of Obsidian Sync, you can now select and copy the file contents for each specific version.
- Hovering markdown links in edit mode will now highlight them.
- Korean handling has been improved to perform character match instead of word match for unlinked mentions and quoted searches.

## No longer broken

- Image embeds will no longer go to the next line.
- Fixed lag when typing at the end of a large document.
- Graph color groups no longer reset to black for some colors.
- Moving a file will no longer show a "successfully renamed" message.
- The toggle highlights command/hotkey will now toggle properly for multi-line selections.
