Released on 2022/06/17.

## Shiny new things

- You can now drag and drop panes across multiple windows.
- You can now drag a pane outside of the app to create a new window.
- You can now right click on a file or a link to open it in a new window.
- You can now rearrange the order of tabs in the sidebar.
- Pop-out windows will now save and restore their position across app restarts.
- You can now right click on the Obsidian Sync status indicator to bring up a menu of shortcuts for pause/unpause, change settings, view the sync log, or view recently deleted files.

## Improved

- Menu items are now grouped by function to make them easier to use.
- The "editor status" core plugin has been moved to an editor setting. It will also now show an icon instead of text.
- Pressing `Escape` when not focused on a pane now focuses the last active editable pane.
- The application menu on macOS now shows the assigned hotkey for each menu item.
- Added a pin icon to pinned sidebar views.
- "Focus on editor" command is now called "Focus on last note" and will restore focus to the most recently focused note.

## No longer broken

- Fixed several vim hotkeys that were broken due to the CodeMirror 6.0 update.
- In vim mode, characters that are composed with AltGr now work correctly in normal and visual mode.
- Fixed mermaid not rendering in pop-out windows.
- Fixed embeds render with large empty space in pop-out windows.
- Fixed link with pane not working across pop-out windows.
- Fixed styling issues with translucency.
- Fixed Obsidian Publish upload dialog unable to "Use live version" in deleted/non-existent notes.
- Fixed font selector not showing all fonts.
- F1-F12 keys can now be bound to commands without a modifier.
- Fixed long filenames overlapping with buttons in the window titlebar.

## Developers

- New enhancements for DOM elements and UI events: This applies to all derivatives of `Node` (like `Element`, `HTMLElement`, etc) and all derivatives of `UIEvent` (like `MouseEvent`, `KeyboardEvent`, etc)
	- You can now easily access the element or event's owner document (`element.doc` or `event.doc`) and window (`element.win` or `event.win`).
	- You can now use `element.instanceOf(HTMLElement)` or `event.instanceOf(MouseEvent)` to perform instanceof checks without having to worry about cross-window constructors.
	- `HTMLElement` now also has a `onWindowMigrated` hook that can be used to monitor when the element gets attached to different windows. This can be used to re-initialize views that depend on window globals.
- There are now workspace events for `window-open` and `window-close`.
- `MenuItem` now has a new method `setSection(string)`. Items from the same section will be grouped together, in the order they were defined or first used. The default section (empty string) will contain all legacy/plugin/unspecified menu items and is usually put into a specific spot of the sort order (for example, before the danger items). Inspect the DOM to see existing sections' `data-section`.
- We've removed the ability to create `MenuItem` directly - please use `Menu.addItem` instead.
- On `View`, we've deprecated the `onHeaderMenu` and `onMoreOptionsMenu` in favor of a single `onPaneMenu` function with a `source` parameter. This new method will be used for both the header menu (right clicking on a tab header in the sidebar) and the more options menu (three dot menu).
