Released on 2020/12/21.

## Shiny new things

- You can now embed search queries in the page using the fenced code block syntax with `query` as the language, similar to how mermaid works. Note that this syntax does not work in Obsidian Publish.
- Obsidian Publish now has a "Show search bar" option, which will add a search bar inside the navigation pane. This can be used to search for pages and headings.

## Improvements

- A layout independent mode has been introduced for hotkeys, which should work consistently across different keyboard layouts. This mode uses the virtual key code that's assigned to each physical key instead of the resulting character that's inputted when the combination is pressed.
- Drag and drop links will no longer create a markdown link if the link title is identical to the URL.
- Improved behavior of `Ctrl/Cmd+Click` and `Alt+Enter` for links in the editor.
- Holding `Shift` while dropping text will drop it in plaintext mode, similar to `Ctrl/Cmd+Shift+V` to paste in plaintext mode.

## No longer broken

- Closing the vault or quitting the app within 2 seconds of editing a file will no longer lose the modifications done within that last 2 seconds.
- The bug where file explorer gains unusual whitespace has been caught and squashed.
- Fixed window size and developer tools were not properly saved when quitting app.
- Toggling highlight will no longer remove bold `**` signs.

## Developers

- Exposed `WorkspaceItem.getRoot()` which returns one of `Workspace.leftSplit`, `Workspace.rightSplit`, or `Workspace.rootSplit`. This can be used to distinguish whether a `WorkspaceLeaf` is in the center area or the sidebars.
- A new event has been added to `Workspace.on('quit', callback: (tasks: Tasks) => any)`. This takes a callback with a `Tasks` object. You can perform any cleanup tasks in here. For any async/promise-based cleanups, such as saving files, add your task to the execution queue using `Tasks.add(async () => { ... })` or `Tasks.addPromise(promise)` so that the app waits until your task is finished before quitting.
- The rendering lifecycle has been tweaked to allow plugins to add sub-components in the renderer post process step. Look for `MarkdownPostProcessorContext.addChild` for more details.
