Released on 2022/01/17.

## Improvements

- The new editor now supports the `cssclass` frontmatter property.
- Live Preview will now detect whether the editor is focused to apply syntax hiding.
- Community plugin search filter will now also match by author.
- Added shortcuts for plugin settings and hotkeys in the community plugins list.

## No longer broken

- Fixed clicking on checklists and fold indicators causes the cursor/selection to be affected.
- Fixed resizing panes causes buggy selection rendering until selection is changed.
- Fixed fold indicator spacing sometimes misalign due to fonts applied by themes.
- Fixed gutter line numbers not showing for embeds and custom code blocks.
- Fixed memory leak when closing markdown panes.
- Fixed vim mode undo/redo combines multiple edits.
- Fixed up/down arrow keys don't navigate properly around list bullets.
- Fixed up/down arrow keys don't navigate properly when at the end of a word-wrapped line.
- Fixed unindenting numbered lists sometimes generates "undefined".
- Fixed auto number lists generates individual undo/redo entries for each line.
- Fixed toggle numbered lists always generate `1` as the number.
- Fixed typing inline code causes the rest of the document to become code.
- Fixed underline not applied to external links when in lists, headings, or blockquotes.
- Fixed two identical embed in the same file causes Live Preview to misbehave.
- Fixed linking to a block without a block id from an earlier position in the same note causes the link to be badly formatted.
- Fixed in-editor search removes highlight when only a single match is found.
- Added `Ctrl/Cmd+G` (and `Ctrl/Cmd+Shift+G`) for selecting next/previous search occurrence when using in-editor search.
- Fixed opening some `file:///` paths on Linux causes Obsidian to freeze until the new process exits.
- Fixed markdown importer unable to convert tags with some character sets like CJK characters.
- Fixed undo close pane still opens a new pane even when the current pane is empty.
- Fixed copy external URL menu action doesn't properly encode special characters.
- Fixed linking an unlinked mention loses its original casing.

## Developers

- Fixed sometimes empty duplicate `<span>` elements show up before or after widgets, causing issues when using css `padding` or `:before/:after`.
- The debug info command now includes the OS information.
- There is now a new `editorLivePreviewField: StateField<boolean>` that can be used to check whether Live Preview is enabled in the editor.
- Fixed out-of-bound `{line,ch}` pairs causes error with new editor.
 