Released on 2022/06/14.

## Shiny new things

- New "Open in New Window" command for opening views in a separate window.
- The app menu on macOS has been revamped to be more consistent with the OS.
- Added keyboard navigation to the File Explorer and Search views Arrow keys to move through items, `Enter` / `Shift+Enter` to select.

## Improved

- Sidebar panes can now receive focus. This change allows hotkeys to work in editors moved into the sidebar. 
- The native scrollbar styling for macOS is now used throughout the app. This can still be overridden by themes.
- Will now use your system font by default on Windows and macOS. You can customize this in settings.
- Window title will now include the active file name.
- New users will now automatically start with Live Preview. Users currently using the legacy editor will be prompted about the legacy editor going away in a future release.
- Pressing enter inside a list item will now detect if the rest of the line is also a list item, and avoid generating duplicate bullet characters.
- Merged "Account" and "About" tabs in the settings
- Added "check for updates" button to theme.
- "Safe mode" has been renamed to "Restricted mode".
- "Open in default app" is no longer a Core plugin and the functionality has been moved into core.
- Pressing `Escape` when there's a highlight in the editor (from search or navigation) causes the highlight to be removed, instead of requiring a mouse click.
- On macOS, `Ctrl+N/P` can now be used to navigate suggestion results similar to `Up/Down` arrow keys.

## No longer broken

- Plugin panes will now automatically unload and reload when plugins are disabled or enabled.
- Sidebar collapse/expand animation no longer causes editor panes to resize suddenly at the end.

## Developer

- CodeMirror 6 has been updated from v0.19 to v6.0. If your plugin uses cm6 extensions, please upgrade to v6.0 soon, and make sure you set your `minAppVersion` to 0.15.0.
- Upgraded MathJax to v3.2.1.
