Released on 2020/06/01.


## Shiny new things

- We added an option for deletions to use either 1) System trash, 2) local vault `.trash/` or 3) permanent delete like before. This means an extral layer of safety in case you accidentally delete a note. The default is System trash, but if the system trash is disabled, it will use `.trash/` by default.
- There are now several options for opening files in new panes! `Cmd/Ctrl-click` from the file explorer will do it. When using the quick switcher, `Cmd/Ctrl-Enter`will open the selection in a new pane. 
- Relatedly, the quick switcher can use `Shift-Enter` to create a new note instead of opening the selected match, if you have names that are too similar. `Cmd/Ctrl-Shift-Enter` creates and opens in a new pane. 

## Changes

- Clicking on search results and backlinks will now stay in preview mode and not force you to edit mode. It will also scroll and highlight in preview mode.
- We no longer allow choosing an inaccessible folder (like Program Files on Windows, or Applications on MacOS). This should solve a problem some Windows users had with having to run the application as an administrator, and will head off a bunch of other possible problems in the future.  

## No longer broken

- Latex and code highlighting now work for embeds. 
- Regular markdown internal links are now properly indexed for graph view and backlinks. Renaming files also updates those if found.
- The Backlinks pane no longer shows empty when closing a pane (it previously should have shown the other pane's backlinks but instead showed nothing).
- We fixed some weird flicking scroll sync behavior introduced in 0.6.5. Sorry about that. 
- We Fixed pressing Enter on title rename sometimes causing a newline to be entered into the source editor.
- And we fixed the fact that clicking on some footnotes didn't do anything. It will now navigate as it should have all along. 
- You know the thing where when you renamed a file, another open file with a link to it would not have the link properly updated? That shouldn't happen anymore. 

