Released on 2020/09/14.

## Shiny new things

- The app now registers the URL scheme "obsidian://". This will attempt to open a file in any previously opened vaults.
	- On MacOS, this requires installer version 0.8.12+ to work.
	- To open a vault that you have previously opened, use the format `obsidian://vault/vaultname`, where vaultname is the name of the folder of the vault.
	- To open a file inside a vault, use the format: `obsidian://vault/vaultname/path/to/file`.
	- To open a file with an absolute path, use the **triple** slash format: `obsidian:///absolute/path/to/file` or on Windows `obsidian:///C:\path\to\file` (forward slash also works). This will open the file in the most nested vault that's capable of opening this file.
	- If the URL does not do anything, then it means the file does not belong to any vault you have previously opened.
	- If the vault opens, but does not navigate to the specified note, then it means the file of that path was not found.
	- On Linux, you will have to setup an obsidian.desktop file with `Exec=obsidian %u`. Details see [here](https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/497147).
- Alphabetical sorting has been improved.
	- Sort is now case insensitive.
	- Sort correctly understand accent characters such as "é" to be the same as "e".
	- Numbers are now naturally sorted, so "1", "2", and "10" will now sort in the expected order.
- Outline items are now collapsible.

## Changes

- Embed can now be rendered up to 5 layers deep.
- Pasting images now use a 14 digit timestamp format "Pasted image 20200914050118.png" instead of a regular number "Pasted image 15.png".
- Graph view will now prioritize rendering frames instead of performing physics simulation, which previously caused multi-second lags on large graphs.

## No longer broken

- Fixed Frameless titlebar text is not properly center aligned.
- Linking an unlinked mention now properly removes the entry from the unlinked mention section.
- Removed hidden titlebar when fullscreen which caused the top section of the app to not accept clicks.
- Drag and drop panes no longer cause the moved pane to lose CSS styles and pane headers.
- MacOS can now double click the frameless window header to zoom or un-zoom.
- Numbered lists with checkboxes now renders correctly.
