Released on 2020/09/07.

## Shiny new things

- The entire app is now frameless. This also means you can use custom CSS to change the color/appearance of the top bar.
- We've added buttons for navigating backward/forward on the top left of the app.
- There is now a new plugin called "Translucency", which will make the app translucent. Linux is unsupported for now. Windows users must also re-install the app using the v0.8.12+ installer to be able to use this.
- Strikethrough `~` and highlight `=` will now auto-pair when selecting text and hitting the respective keys.
- There are now new commands for "Edit file title" and for "Copy file path".
- A new option is available to disable line-wrapping in edit mode.

## Changes

- Link suggestion no longer triggers auto-complete when pressing `#` or `|` because it's not always intended. Instead, hit `Tab` first to auto-complete, then type the character normally.
- Selecting text in preview mode now prevents it from being optimized, where previously the selection would disappear when scrolled out-of-view.
- You can now middle-click on graph nodes to open the note in a new pane.

## No longer broken

- On Linux, using the mouse backward/forward navigation buttons no longer fires twice.
- Sometimes in edit mode, the collapse/expand triangle overlaps the text. That's now fixed.
- Navigating back to a file that was already deleted shouldn't cause an error anymore.
- Checkboxes with a numbered list now appear on one line instead of wrapping to the next.
- Numbered lists with checkboxes now shows the number instead of hiding it.
- Fixed search operator `tag` miss every other result within the same file.
- Fixed a rare occurence of scroll lost when typing in a scroll-synced edit/preview configuration.
- Fixed heading not highlighted in preview mode when using the outline plugin if heading is on the last line of the note.
