Released on 2020/08/31.

## Shiny new things

- Search & backlinks now has an option to sort results, similar to file explorer.
- File sort order now includes sorting by creation time.
- Local graph nodes are now in decremental size from closest to farthest.
- A new search operator `tag:#mytag` is now available, which will only match tags that are parsed exactly as tags (for example, #mytag inside a code block will be properly ignored).
- A new hotkey has been added to create note in new pane.
- The Zettelkasten prefixer plugin can now set Zettel ID format, similar to daily notes.
- Daily note/Zettelkasten prefixer: Template file now accepts `{{date:format}}` and `{{time:format}}` just like the template plugin.
- Frontmatter in preview now has a CSS class to facilitate styling.

## Changes

- Graph view has been greatly optimized. File changes only trigger incremental change detection to re-compute graph instead of a full scan.
- Search and backlinks now refreshes when files in the vault are changed. This update is also done incrementally to minimize performance impact.
- Backlinks pane has now been optimized when switching files or editing note, it will no longer cause lag to the editing experience.
- Opening help vault now wipes the folder first, which prevents older version of the help docs sticking around when they have been renamed.

## No longer broken

- Fixed Cmd/Ctrl-click links and tags in edit mode sometimes requires a 2nd click.
- Consecutive tables now include proper spacing between them instead of being stuck together.
- In the file explorer, you can now click on file names while renaming them without exiting rename mode.
- Fixed footnotes with embedded documents not linking to the right footnote reference when clicked.
