Released on 2020/12/07.

## Shiny new things

- Obsidian Sync is now available and can now be purchased. It features:
	- End-to-end encryption.
	- Selective sync.
	- Version history.
	- Details at https://publish.obsidian.md/help/Obsidian+Sync
- You can now use the "Move file to another folder" command to move the current file without having to do a drag-n-drop in the file explorer.
- You can now Ctrl/Cmd hover in the file explorer to preview the contents of a file.

## Improvements

- Graph view search filter now has a clear button.
- The file explorer will now automatically scroll when dragging files near the top or bottom edge.
- Tag suggestion will now match anywhere in the tag, instead of just from the beginning.
- You can now create internal links in Mermaid by specifying the class `internal-link` for the node. The app will use the contents of the node as the link. Example: `class A internal-link;`
- Quick switcher aliases now show the actual file path as well.

## No longer broken

- Link auto-complete should no longer add an extra pair of `]]` when another link exists on the same line.
- Mermaid text should now finally be properly scaled.
- The notice "Updated x links in y files" now properly shows number of files instead of always showing `1`.
- Fixed some cases of blurry text caused by the lack of subpixel-antialiasing.
- Fixed `[[` auto-conversion from chinese characters `【【`.
- Typing should no longer lag when linked with another editor pane of the same file.

## Developers

- Fuzzy search related functions `prepareQuery`, `fuzzySearch`, `renderMatches`, `renderResults`, `sortSearchResults`, are now available.
