Released on 2020/09/30.

## Shiny new things

- There is now a publish plugin that works with Obsidian Publish. For more information, check out the [Obsidian Publish Service](https://publish.obsidian.md/help/Add-on%20services/Obsidian%20Publish)
- Graph now has an option to tweak when the text fades out.
- You can now mouse hover in graph view with `Ctrl/Cmd` to bring up the hover preview if the page preview plugin is enabled.
- If your vault is large, there is now a loading progress bar when starting the app, instead of freezing and not functioning until the app properly loads.

## Changes

- Clicking on search results and backlinks now scrolls to the markdown section containing the first result in preview mode.
- Clicking on search tab now focuses on the search textbox so it can be typed in right away.
- The graph simulation engine has been rewritten to bring even more performance and save battery. Note that the graph simulation engine is responsible for computing where each node moves.
- The graph rendering engine has been tweaked to initialize a bit faster.
- Graph filters have been re-categorized to differentiate between display options and forces. Changing display options now no longer re-activates graph simulation.
- When opening global search with selected text, the query is now properly double-quoted if the query contains space characters.

## No longer broken

- Fixed styling of backlink/unlinked mentions broken by the previous release.
- Navigating backward/forward should no longer cause the pane type to change from edit/preview to graph, backlinks or outline.
- Slides can now be styled via custom CSS without having to use more specific rules.
- `obsidian://` URIs now fixed for Linux.
- Fixed more instances where preview scroll was reset when scrolling with large images.