Released on 2020/10/19.

## Shiny new things

- Block references and block embeds are now available.
    - Simply type `^` when linking to trigger the auto-complete: `[[Filename^`.
    - Use `[[^^` to auto-complete blocks globally.
    - The generated link will look like this: `[[Filename#blockid]]`.
    - Block IDs will be generated using the syntax `^blockid` when using the auto-complete.
    - Alternatively, you can manually create the block ID using any alpha-numeric character.
    - The block ID must be located at the end of the paragraph or list item, and must include a space character before the `^`.
    - To identify more complex blocks, like tables, you can add the `^blockid` as its own after the block you're referring to. There must be an empty line before and after `^blockid` for this to take effect.
    - Quick reminder that this syntax for block reference isn't portable markdown (no other tools support it yet), so please use some discretion when considering working with other tools!

- You can now auto-complete headings and blocks globally.
	- Be aware that this may be slow if your vault is large.
	- Auto-complete blocks **globally** by typing `[[^^`.
	- Auto-complete headings **globally** by typing `[[##`.

- There is now a new command for toggling the checkbox state between `[ ]` and `[x]`. `Ctrl/Cmd+Enter` is the default hotkey.

## Changes

- The community theme page has been re-styled to be easier to use.
- HTML `<iframe>` now has a sandbox attribute added for extra security.

## No longer broken

- Fixed removing links to an opened file causes the backlink pane to sometimes keep showing the removed link.
- Fixed inability to see the last few characters when editing table that's longer than screen width.
- Malformed markdown URLs no longer cause parsing failures.
- Linking an unlinked mention now shows up in linked mention right away.
