Released on 2020/09/21.

## Shiny new things

- Graph view has been completely revamped.
	- New options for filtering are now available. You can now:
		- Filter files using same syntax as search. This can be especially useful to exclude certain folders like daily notes with `path:-"Daily notes"`.
		- Choose to show `#tags`.
		- Choose to show attachments such as images, audios, and PDFs.
		- Choose to hide links to non-existent notes (only show existing files).
		- Choose to hide orphan notes (files that do not have links, and is not linked to).
	- New layout options are available to customize the graph to your vault. You can now:
		- Choose to show arrows for links.
		- Change the size of nodes and the thickness of links.
		- Change the centering force, the repelling force, the link force, and the link distance.
	- Local graph also has a few new option available. You can now:
		- Choose to hide incoming or outgoing links.
		- Choose to showing neighbor links. Disabling this option hides links between neighbor notes.
	- You can now navigate the graph using the keyboard. Arrow keys to pan, `+` and `-` to zoom, `Shift` to speed up movement.
	- All graph options, including local graph depth and zoom level, are now persisted through restarts.
	- Dragging to pan now has inertia. Zooming has been reworked to be much smoother.
	- Graph colors now support custom CSS `color: rgba()` values as well as `opacity: 0.5`.
	- New graph CSS classes are `.color-fill-tag`, `.color-fill-attachment`, `.color-fill-unresolved`, and `.color-arrow`.
	- Graph simulation is now done in a worker thread. This should make large graphs much more manageable.
	- Several optimizations have been implemented to make the graph blazingly fast on vaults of all sizes. Many tricks are commonly used in modern day video games!
- Obsidian now supports `obsidian://` URIs. For the user manual, check out the help doc `Advanced use > Using obsidian URI`.
	- Remember to use `%20` to encode the space character, and `%2F` to encode the forward slash `/`.
	- `obsidian://open?vault=myvault` will open the vault "myvault".
	- `obsidian://open?vault=myvault&file=mynote` will open the file "mynote" inside the vault "myvault"/
	- `obsidian://open?path=%2Fabsolute%2Fpath%2Fto%2Fmynote` will open the file at the absolute path "/absolute/path/to/mynote" assuming a vault exists for the one of the parent folders.
- The two shorthand from v0.8.15 are still available:
	- The vault format: `obsidian://vault/myvault`.
	- The vault + file format: `obsidian://vault/myvault/mynote`.
	- The **triple** slash format for absolute paths: `obsidian:///absolute/path/to/mynote` or on Windows `obsidian:///C:\path\to\mynote` (forward slash also works).
- New CSS classes are added for `#tags` in the editor for those interested in styling different tags in different colors. For a hypothetical tag `#mytag`, the class will be `.cm-tag-mytag`. Unfortunately, this only supports English letters, `-`, and `_`, since those are the limitations of CSS class names.
- New CSS classes are now added to `<body>` to indicate the operating system. They are `.mod-macos`, `.mod-windows`, and `.mod-linux`.
- Markdown importer can now convert Bear style highlight `::highlight::`.

## Changes

- Global search and edit mode `find` functionality now copies selected text into the search bar when triggered.
- The vault switcher window now has a language switcher.
- Search should now be much faster if only using `file:` or `path:` operators, because the file content does not need to be loaded.

## No longer broken

- On Windows, the vault switcher should now show vault name instead of the full path, which took a lot of unnecessary space.
- Splitting a new pane sometimes caused the new pane to be very thin. That should now be fixed.
- Clicking on `file:///` links should now work properly on Linux. This was broken on a previous release.
- On MacOS, sometimes when double clicking the app titlebar to zoom, the window disappears and can't be made to reappear even if restarting the app. This will no longer happen.
