Released on 2020/11/25.

## Shiny new things

- You can now download multiple themes and switch between them. They are now stored in the `vault/.obsidian/themes` folder. Be sure to disable the legacy option for `obsidian.css` when you do so!
- You can now add multiple CSS snippets, and choose to enable/disable them individually. They are stored in the `vault/.obsidian/snippets` folder.
- You can now check for third-party plugin updates and selectively update them.
- In preview mode, there is now a new section displaying the metadata of a file based on its YAML front matter.
- You can now give notes specific CSS classes using the front matter option `cssclass`. You can also specify multiple ones with the same syntax as tags and aliases, for example, `cssclass: class1, class2`. Combine this with custom CSS to selectively style notes.
- You can now sort tags in alphabetical order instead of by frequency.
- You can now collapse the front matter section in edit mode.

## Improvements

- The custom CSS plugin has been merged into the app, under the "Appearance" setting tab.
- In preview mode, if the front matter fails to parse as YAML, an error message will be displayed in the code block if you had show front matter option enabled.
- Link suggestion will now suggest aliases of a file after you type `|`.
- Link suggestion no longer shows YAML front matter as a block to refer to.
- When renaming a file, markdown links will now also change the display text if it matches the file name.
- File explorer has been improved to lag less on big vaults.
- Backlinks and unlinked mentions have been improved to lag less when there are many results.

## No longer broken

- Highlights are now properly exported to PDF.
- After renaming a file, automatically updated markdown links will now properly contain the `.md` extension.
- Choosing a spellcheck suggestion will no longer wipe adjacent characters.
- Creating or renaming a file now properly calculates backlinks to it.
- Embed images now shows up properly in block suggestions.

## Developers

- `moment.js` has been replaced with `moment-with-locales.js`.
- CodeMirror has been updated to v5.58.3.
- A new event `layout-change` is has been added to `Workspace`.
