Released on 2020/11/19.

## Shiny new things

- You can now specify `aliases` in front matter. These will then show up in the `[[` link suggestion, and auto-complete to `[[Filename|alias]]`. They will also be picked up in unlinked mentions. For example: `aliases: [AI, Artificial Intelligence]`. Add double quotes around your alias if it contains special characters.
- You can now specify `tags` in front matter. These will then show up in the tag pane, as well as in search queries using the `tag:` operator.  For example: `tags: ["#pkm", "#hype"]`.

## Improvements

- Command palette and Quick switcher will now restore your cursor or selection when exiting.

## No longer broken

- Graph filter tag operators no longer operate on links to non-existent files.
- The duplicate menu item "Copy obsidian url" has been removed from the more options menu.
- On Windows, you should now be able to drag the window from the top when it's maximized.

## Developers

- `frontmatter` is now available in `CachedMetadata`.
- Some helper functions for front matter parsing are made available: `parseFrontMatterEntry`, `parseFrontMatterStringArray`, `parseFrontMatterAliases` and `parseFrontMatterTags`.
- The css class `mod-root` is now always added to the workspace center area.
- Deprecations: (the old name will remain in code for backward compatibility for a while)
	- `Setting.addExtraSetting` has been renamed to `addExtraButton`.
	- `Workspace.getActiveLeafOfViewType` has been renamed to `getActiveViewOfType`.
