<small>Released October 20, 2022</small>

## No longer broken

- macOS: Double-clicking the tab bar now maximizes the window in frameless mode.
- Linux: "Adapt to system theme" now works properly.
- The keyboard shortcut for rectangular selection has changed. Now alt-click will add multiple cursors while alt-shift-drag will create a rectangular selection.
- Theme dropdown properly refreshes when changing the theme in settings.
- Update buttons properly refresh after updating the plugin via the plugin modal.
- Removed duplicate drag element that appeared when dragging tabs.
- Fixed checkboxes not being selectable in Live Preview.
- Fixed selections from multiple cursors not appearing.
- Fixed bug where the wrong file could get renamed if you switch files mid-rename.
- Vim: Fixed `gj` and `gk` not working.
- Fixed empty lists getting collapsed in reading mode.
- macOS: spellcheck now properly replaces word even when no text is selected.
- The root folder in the File Explorer is no longer collapsible via the keyboard.
- Editor commands no longer trigger if the inline title is focused.
- Fixed alt-clicking multiple selections not behaving correctly.
- Fixed opening vaults via `obsidian://vault` not properly marking other vaults as closed.
- `webm` embeds are now properly recognized as video instead of audio.
- Fixed long suggestion titles not wrapping properly.
- Added missing search icon to graph view.
- Unique note creator: app no longer freezes when attempting to generate an invalid format.
- Graph View: dragging a node is now canceled when you start panning the canvas.


## Developers

- Clicking on gutter elements now properly fires click events.
