---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2026-06-09
title: "1.13.1"
---

## Improvements

### Settings

- Sliders now show a permanent label with the current value, shown inline next to the slider instead of in a tooltip.
- Searching within a settings group now automatically filters the items in that group.
- Navigating back now restores focus to the setting item you came from.
- Added support for the mouse "back" button to navigate back through settings history.
- Added `Alt-ArrowUp` and `Alt-ArrowDown` to reorder items inside setting lists.
- The command palette settings tab now uses the standard settings rendering.
- Improved the layout of the community plugins list.
- Deprecated the Settings Search plugin as it overlaps with the new search functionality. Thank you to javalent for such a great plugin. It has been added to the Obsidian credits page.

### Other

- Mermaid diagrams now render immediately after you allow them in a vault, without needing to reload.

## No longer broken

- Fixed setting pages not always loading when navigating to them from setting search results.
- Fixed the placeholder text shown in the command palette prompt.
- Fixed choppy horizontal scrolling when sidebar tabs overflow.
- Live Preview: Fixed embeds inside Markdown lists not showing the correct indentation.
- Live Preview: Code blocks now re-render correctly when a plugin's post processor changes.
- Bookmarks: Fixed focus not moving to the next item after deleting a bookmark with Cmd-Backspace.
- Bookmarks: Fixed Cmd-Backspace not clearing the filter input.
- App: Fixed app silently crashing on any installer older than Obsidian 1.6. We've also added an error message if this ever happens again.
- Desktop: Fixed navigation inside embedded web content (webview).

### macOS

- Fixed some elements showing scrollbars when they should not, such as the tab headers in the sidebars.

## Developers

- Settings: Added a reset button next to all setting definitions using "slider" or "color" controls.
- Settings: Added a new display label to surface values before opening a settings page.
- Fixed `SettingDefinitionGroup#cls` silently failing when trying to provide multiple classnames.
- Upgraded CodeMirror to the latest version.
