---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2026-02-18
title: "1.12.2"
---

## Improved

### CLI

- Added `help <command>` to get help with a specific command.
- Added `--help` as an alias for the `help` command.
- Added `daily:path` command to get the expected daily note path.
- Added [`rename`](<https://help.obsidian.md/cli#%60rename%60>) command.
- Split the `search` command into `search` and [`search:context`](<https://help.obsidian.md/cli#%60search+context%60>).
- Added descriptions to filter parameters in help output.
- CLI commands now default to silent operation and doesn't expect an active file by default.
	- the `all` parameter has been replaced by `active` (to target active file)
	- the `silent` parameter has been replaced by `open` to open the target
- The CLI now ignores unrecognized flags starting with `--`.
- Changed the CLI setup cancel button to say "Skip" to indicate the step is optional.

### Bases

- Added the ability to import files into Bases via drag and drop.
- `file.linksTo()` treats files embedded within a Canvas as links.

### Other

- Added new "Copy image" menu item when right-clicking on an image.
- Copying text from the editor now includes HTML formatting, making it easier to paste into apps like Google Docs.
- Obsidian Sync now logs when files were skipped for being too large.
- Improved fuzzy search results when the query contains spaces.
- Opening files in an external application now shows a confirmation dialog for added safety.
- Added a warning when attempting to open an executable file.

## No longer broken

- Fixed a bug where notices would stop appearing after being dismissed.
- Fixed the outline view flickering while typing.
- Fixed scroll position not updating after changing the row height in Bases table view.
- Bases: Fixed search input text overlapping with the result count if the input text is long.
- Fixed "More options" menu not closing when clicking the "..." button in a pop-out window.
- Fixed the app restart sometimes leaving the app in a broken quitting state.
- Fixed `obsidian://` URIs not working if the CLI was not enabled.
- Fixed list properties not showing edit and remove options in the context menu when right-clicking a link inside a list item.
- CLI: Fixed commands not working with unicode characters.
- CLI: Fixed pasting.
- CLI: Fixed commands running before the workspace finished loading.
- CLI: Fixed erroneously operating on the current vault when the specified vault is not found.
- CLI: Fixed arguments with colons not being handled correctly on Windows.
- macOS: The dock icon is no longer shown during CLI invocations.

## Developers

- If your theme or snippet updates the macOS traffic light position using the new CSS variables, these offsets are now applied immediately when the app loads.
