---
tags:
  - desktop
date: 2026-02-05
title: "1.11.7"
---

## Improved

- Secret Storage is now encrypted while on disk. This relies on encryption provided by your operating system. For Linux users, this requires that kwallet, kwallet5, kwallet6 or gnome-libsecret are installed.
- Daily notes: Folder path is now normalized.
- Daily notes: If you were previously using the "Open daily note on startup" option, you will be automatically migrated to use the new "Files & Links › Default file to open" setting.
- The help window and the vault chooser window have been updated to match the new design used in app settings.
- Bases: Table cell menu now shows "Copy" and "Paste" menu items.
- Settings: The sidebar no longer shows icons next to Community plugins.
- Added new `choose-vault` [URI action](<https://help.obsidian.md/Extending+Obsidian/Obsidian+URI>) to open the vault switcher.

## No longer broken

- Fixed **Default file to open** not working when the configured file path omits the file extension.
- Fixed daily notes not opening if the path began with a leading `/` or used `\` as a path delimiter.
- Restored default display text when inserting a link with folders in the linktext (e.g. `[[a/b/file]]` will automatically be inserted as `[[a/b/file|file]]`).
- Bases: Fixed bug where right-clicking on table selection would focus the cell (and hide the selection) instead of showing the selection menu.
- Fixed bug where a note would sometimes switch from reading mode to edit mode when clicking near embedded content.

## Developers

- The CSS variables `--blur-translucency-s` and `--blur-translucency-m` have been renamed to `--blur-opacity-s` and `--blur-opacity-m`.
