# Part 2

<small>Released February 22, 2023</small>

This update primarily focuses on Canvas improvements and overall bug fixes within the app.
- [Canvas improvements](#canvas-improvements) — Canvas settings, readonly mode, global search results, and more.
- [Bugfixes](#bugfixes) — fixes for Export to PDF, mermaid graph colors, and list numbering.

## Canvas Improvements

We've made a lot of improvements to Canvas since its initial release.

### Arranging Cards
Arranging cards on your canvas is now easier than ever. You can now resize multiple cards at once by dragging from the selection box. You can also _nudge_ selected cards in any direction by pressing the arrow keys.

### Readonly mode

Once you have your cards arranged exactly how you like them, you can use the new **readonly mode** to lock your canvas content in place. While in readonly mode, a canvas and its contents cannot be modified.

### Canvas Settings

There is now a settings page for Canvas with the following configuration options:
	- Default location for new canvas files.
	- Use scroll wheel zoom instead of pan.
	- Options to hide the card labels.
	- Global setting for "snap to grid" and "snap to objects."
	- Configurable zoom threshold for when cards switch from showing their content to just showing the card title.
	- Configurable behavior of `Ctrl/Command + Drag`.

### Global Search support

Content from text cards will now appear as search results in the global search view.

### Background images for Canvas groups

Canvas groups can now have a background image associated with them. With a group selected, press the new "set background" button and choose an image from your vault.

The image can be set to cover the entire group or be used as a repeating pattern.

### Jump to group

The new "Jump to group" command allows you to search for groups in your open Canvas by name. Selecting a group will quickly pan the viewport to that group.
Some other notable improvements to Canvas:

### Narrow to block

Similarly to the "Narrow to heading..." feature, there is now a "narrow to block" menu item for file cards in the Canvas. Just right-click on a file card and choose "Narrow to block..." to see a list of all blocks in the given file. Selecting a block from the list will change the card to only display the contents of that block.

## Bugfixes

- Deleting a file now closes its tab if there are other tabs in the tab group.
- Obsidian Sync's settings page will now warn you if your vault is in Dropbox, iCloud, or OneDrive. Using multiple sync providers can lead to data conflicts.
- "Follow link under cursor" commands will now create a new canvas file if the linked canvas (i.e. `[[dashboard.canvas]]`) doesn't exist. Previously a markdown file called `dashboard.canvas` would get created. 
- Removed the redundant 🔗 icon from the tab header for linked tabs.
- Fixed LaTeX syntax highlighting.
- Fixed Mermaid gitgraph colors.
- Fixed bug where embeds and code blocks in Live Preview were not properly unloaded when switching files.
- Fixed context menu position when using "Show context menu under cursor" command while "native menus" is enabled.
- Fixed but with "fold less" command not unfolding content on the selected line.
- File BOM will now automatically be stripped when Obsidian reads a file.
- When editing at the bottom of the window, the view will now scroll to have enough room to show the current line of text above the status bar.
- Fixed an issue where dragging tabs around the workspace sometimes causes an image in your clipboard to get pasted into the open editor.
- Color inputs now have a focus state when selected via the keyboard.
- Improved Mermaid text colors.
- The vim Codemirror extension has been updated to include all the latest upstream fixes and patches.
- Code blocks in Live Preview now show a copy icon if there is no language set.
