---
tags: [desktop]
date: 2023-06-26
title: "1.3.6"
---

## New shiny things

- New Appearance setting to apply a custom app icon. Supports `.ico` and `.png` files.
- Added support for deep linking in PDFs. Links can be generated via the PDF context menu.

| Link type | Parameter(s) | Example |
| -- | -- | -- |
| Link to outline **section** with the parameter | `offset=<x-offset>,<y-offset>` | `[[pdf1.pdf#page=1&offset=50,465]]` |
| Link to **arbitrary text** using the parameter:  | `selection=<start-node-id>,<start-node-offset>,<end-node-id>,<end-node-offset>` | `[[pdf1.pdf#page=2&selection=62,14,65,25]]` |
| Link to **annotation** with the parameter | `annotation=<annotation-id>` | `[[pdf1.pdf#page=2&annotation=625R]]` |
- New "Adapt to theme" menu option for PDFs. Enabling this will override the PDF appearance so its rendered to match the styling of the current theme.

## Improvements

- Tab close button is now hidden for inactive tabs and will only appear on hover. This creates more space for file names inside the tab.
- Improved how headings are displayed. Headings in Live Preview and Reading mode should now more closely match in appearance. Note this requires installer version 1.1.9 or above.

## No longer broken

- Spellcheck setting is now stored app-wide properly, instead of having some vaults overriding others.
- Live Preview: Markdown tables are now allowed to start immediately after headings without a blank line.
- Fixed bug where embedded PDFs and markdown files sometimes lose their scroll position. 
- Fixed issue where the initial switch from edit mode to reading mode causes the scroll position to be lost.
- Fixed issue where reading mode scrolls unexpectedly when opening new tabs.
- Canvas: Allow opening external links in webviews.
- Mermaid: Fixed some color issues.

## Developers

New CSS variables:

- `--p-spacing`  defines the spacing between paragraphs (defaults to `1rem`).
- `--heading-spacing` defines the spacing above a heading when it follows a paragraph (defaults to 2.5x paragraph spacing).
