---
tags: [desktop, insider]
date: 2023-07-31
title: "1.4.2"
---

## Improvements

- Properties: Date and time properties will now automatically be inferred without needing to assign the property type.
- Properties: Emails will now be recognized as links in text and list properties.
- Properties: External URLs are now clickable inside list properties.
- Properties: "Add new property" command now works with the properties sidebar view.
- Typing `---` at the start of the document will now automatically insert the complementary `---`.
- Properties: Add support for dragging and dropping links into text and list properties.
- Search: Removed the delay between typing and search happening.

## No longer broken

- Properties: Fixed bug causing properties with upper-case characters to not display the correct property type.
- Live Preview: Frontmatter will no longer appear when switching from source mode to Live Preview with the cursor still in the frontmatter section.
- Live Preview: Fixed cursor "dead spots" where text could not be edited at a given selection.
- Properties: `Shift-Enter` will now accept the current text value without selecting the highlighted suggestion.
- Properties: Property values are now sorted alphabetically when the suggest appears.
- Properties: Switching a text property to a list property will automatically convert the value without warning about a type mismatch.
- Properties: The "add property" row will be removed if you click away without creating a new property.
- Properties: App URIs (such as `obsidian://`) will now be recognized as external links.
- Properties: Parsing YAML is now much stricter. Unsupported frontmatter types will now properly be recognized as invalid, such as having an array.
- Properties: `Tab` and `Shift-Tab` will now properly shift focus if the "Add properties" button is focused.
- Settings: "Show file properties" setting has been renamed to "Show file properties in document."
- Editor: Scroll bar should no longer affect the position of the text when it appears on long documents.
