---
tags: [desktop, insider]
date: 2023-08-14
title: "1.4.3"
---

### Improvements

- Settings: Added a new toggle to show properties as source (YAML) in Live Preview.
- Templates: When using the "Insert template" command, properties inside template files will be merged with the current file.
- Added a new status bar item that shows the number of properties in the currently active note.
- The Properties heading can now receive keyboard focus. When focused, use the left and right arrow keys to toggle the section open or closed.
- The Tags core plugin has been renamed to "Tags view".
- The Properties core plugin has been renamed to "Properties view".

### No longer broken

- Live Preview now supports single column tables.
- The Property value autosuggest will no longer return stale values.
- Fixed headings not scaling with base font size.
- Numbers everywhere should now be formatted in the app. For example, word count and character count will have thousands separators.
- Fixed bug where "Show file properties" view would not show the file properties on initial load.
- Canvas: frontmatter in Canvas cards is no longer hidden.
- Added instructions to suggest boxes in Properties editor.
- Enabled copy/cut/paste in Properties sidebar view.
- Clicking quickly on close-tab button will no longer trigger maximize-window on macOS.
- Added max date to Date and Time properties; so no more referencing dates beyond the year 9,999.
- Fixed bug when selecting an alias from the link suggest causing the heading getting removed from the link.
- Date and Time properties now use Moment.js for parsing meaning it will now be more lax when reading formatted dates in properties.
- Search: The 'Show more context' button can be pressed multiple times in a row.
- Properties: fixed typing accented characters in text properties.
- Properties: fold state is now saved to the note.
- Fixed issue with inserting properties when auto-pairing markdown is disabled.
- Fixed the "Add file property" command not reusing the current file properties view.
- Properties: disabled autosuggest for "aliases".
- Properties sidebar view won't show "add properties" button if the active file is not a markdown file
- Editor Search: Fixed issue where \´ character was treated as space (` `).

### Developers

- Disabled soft line width in `stringifyYaml` (this was causing some breakages with other plugins reading the yaml)
