---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2024-02-06
title: "1.5.4"
---

## Improvements

### Tables

- Added RTL text support.
- Tables are now automatically formatted as you type. This means columns will now render cleanly in source mode.
- Tables will no longer break when typing in the line preceding a table widget.
- The paragraph submenu is now disabled inside the table context menu.
- Typing "---" will no longer autocomplete inside a table cell.
- Fixed issue where long horizontal tables would lose their scroll position on edit.
- Fixed issue where right-clicking inside a table would cause multiple context menus to appear.
- Lots of small fixes to how we handle editing text adjacent to tables.

### Editing

- Formatting commands now recognize `_` for italic and `__` for bold.
- Fixed issue where "Copy" would not work in a file where a PDF was embedded.
- "Quick font size adjustment" is now disabled by default.
- Fixed some weird behavior with "Toggle comment" command when it was used next to other comments.
- It's no longer possible to accidentally edit text inside a fold. Navigating into a fold will automatically open the fold.
- "Close" has been moved to the top in the tab menu. Previously it would show below "Close all" and "Close others."

## No longer broken

- Fixed Live Preview issue where tokens inside markdown code blocks will no longer get parsed and rendered.
- Fixed Outgoing links "link" button missing for unresolved links.
- Fixed issue where bookmarks would be hidden or missing from the Bookmarks view.
- Fixed "copy" button on the Sync history modal not working.
- Fixed issue where dragging and dropping screenshots into Obsidian would produce broken links.
- Fixed Outline view not showing leading numerics.
- Fixed page preview sometimes getting triggered when mouse is not hovering over Obsidian.
- Fixed issue where Backlinks view would incorrectly render links if they are on the same line as an embed.
- We have reverted the changes to how lists are displayed in Live Preview. They will be formatted how they were in v1.4.
- Fixed `Enter`, `F2`, and `Cmd+ArrowDown` not working when File Explorer is focused. Enter should now open the focused file on linux/win and rename the file on macOS. F2 will rename the focused folder/file. And `Cmd+ArrowDown` will open the focused file on macOS.
- Editing a ordered checklist (i.e. `1. [ ]`) will no longer cause the checkboxes to get wiped out.

### macOS

- Double-clicking on the sidebar tab items will no longer trigger "maximize window."
- Fixed `View → Source Mode` and `View → Reading View` app menu items getting out of sync with the app.

### Vim

- Fixed issue where vim cursor got out of sync with the Obsidian cursor. This made it possible to accidentally edit Properties inside vim mode.
- The vim cursor will now be hidden if the editor is not focused (good bye red box!)
- Restyled the Vim normal mode command panel.
