---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2023-12-12
title: "1.5.2"
---

## Improvements

### Tables

- Triple-click in a table cell to select the whole table.
- Clicking on the drag-indicators is now a quick way to select the entire row or column.
- Improved performance of the table editor when rendering large tables.
- "Insert template" now works within table cells.
- Dragging rows and columns in the table will now move the row/column instead of swapping it.

### Editor

- We have overhauled our formatting commands (e.g. "Toggle bold"). The commands now support multiple-cursors, work across multiple lines, works with table selections, and even detect existing formatting in the selection and "intelligently" places the formatting characters without breaking the document formatting.
- There is a new "Format" submenu when you right-click in a Markdown document to easily toggle the inline formatting for the current text selection.
- New "Clear formatting" command to remove inline formatting from the current selection

### Outline

- The Outline view now has a "collapse all" button as well as a search field for filtering the list of headings in the file.
- The view is now registered with the "Page preview" core plugin. Preview individual headings in the note on hover.

### Settings

- We've done some shuffling around in the settings.
  - "About" has been renamed to "General" and is now first in the list.
  - "About → Advanced" Section has been removed.
  - "About → Disable GPU" has been moved to Appearance.
  - "About → Override config folder" has been moved to Files and Links.

### Sync

- When viewing the version history for a file, changes made by the same user on the same device will now be grouped together. And Markdown will be rendered to more closely match reading mode.

### Misc.

- Reorganized the menu when right-clicking on a folder in the file explorer.
- New "Search in folder" menu item when right-clicking on a folder
- Improved appearance of inline code when it soft-wraps to the next line.
- New css class for order-list-number (`.formatting-list-ol`).

## No longer broken

- Search operators such as `file:` and `path:` are now case-insensitive. So you can use "FILE:" or "PATH:" now.
- Outgoing links: Fixed issue where unresolved block links would render as an empty row in outgoing links view.
- Fixed issue where links with custom display text (i.e. `[[link|alias]]`) would render incorrectly after a table.
