---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2024-05-22
title: "1.6.1"
---

## Improvements

- Add autocompletion for footnote references using `[^`.
- Remove flicker when switching away from a file with properties.
- Added an edit button to the properties view if the open file has invalid frontmatter.
- Added hover preview support for inline footnotes.
- Prompts now have a "clear" button to clear the input.

### macOS

- Application menu now has "Substitutions" menu to toggle the System level text substitution preferences.

## No longer broken

- We have reverted the 2 MB limit for Markdown file parsing.
- The inline text suggestions now appear to the left of the cursor if the current editor line is RTL.
- Fixed rendering tables inside callouts.
- Fixed reorder handler not working in pop-out windows.
- Fixed commands for toggling formatting sometimes not working on the last line of the editor.
- Fixed canvas cards appearing blurry when a card contains a callout with a list.
- Small fix for tab header color.
- Fixed Outgoing Links unlinked mentions always showing the count as "0".
- Fixed incorrect formatting getting applied if selection has trailing newline.
- Minor layout improvements for the file explorer.
- Fixed "New" section in Obsidian Publish showing folders uncollapsed.

### Reading mode

- Reading mode will no longer render footnote refs that contain spaces.
- Page preview now shows footnote previews on hover in reading mode.
- Fix rendering of inline footnotes in reading mode.

### Source mode

- Fixed pressing `End` key not moving to end of line if cursor is in table.

### Live Preview

- Fix callout menu overlapping with URL menu when right-clicking on a link.
- Fix failing to render headings with trailing `#` at the end of the line.
- Fixed checklist items getting unfolded if cursor was inside a folded region.
- Allow blank lines in multi-line footnotes.

## Devs

We have reverted the CSS changes to `.suggestion-popover` which should fix the issues with suggestions created by plugins appearing unstyled.
