---
tags:
  - desktop
date: 2024-06-07
title: "1.6"
---

This update focuses on improving some long-standing sore points in the app. Most notably, we have overhauled the app interface for **better support of right-to-left (RTL) languages**. Now when the app language is set to an RTL language, the entire interface will be mirrored. We have also given a lot of attention to improving the editing and reading experience of **footnotes**. This release is jam-packed with bug fixes, but you might also notice some performance improvements when loading the app and while editing.

#### Highlights

- RTL Support. The interface direction is now mirrored when the app is set to an RTL language.
- Updated left sidebar layout. A new vault switcher is now shown at the bottom. The app ribbon can now be hidden in settings or by right-clicking on the ribbon and selecting "Hide ribbon."
- Character and word count is now updated based on the current text selection.
- Faster workspace loading.
- Faster editor parsing.

## Improvements

- `Tab` will now complete the path segment of the currently selected file in the Quick switcher and "Move files" modal.
- Added "Add alias" command.
- Added "Create new folder" command.
- Hotkeys and property types are now automatically reloaded if the settings are modified outside of Obsidian.
- Added custom instructions and result when adding display text to a link.
- Prompts now have a "clear" button to clear the input. Pressing the button when there is no input will now dismiss the prompt.
- Page preview popups should now have more consistent sizing and positioning.

### Footnotes

- Add autocompletion for footnote references using `[^`.
- Fixed parsing and rendering of footnotes in the editor.
- Added hover preview support for inline footnotes.
- Hovering over a footnote ID will now display a popup with the corresponding footnote.

### Properties

- When merging two properties, the new property name will now flash in the global property list.
- You can now double-click on a property list item to edit it.
- Added an edit button to the properties view if the open file has invalid frontmatter.

### Obsidian Sync

- Updated the default selective syncing when setting up Sync. By default, Sync will now sync:
	- Main settings
	- Appearance settings
	- Hotkeys
	- Core plugins
	- Core plugin settings
	- Video, images, PDFs, and audio
- Arbitrary files inside plugin folders will no longer get tracked by Sync. The only files inside a plugin folder that will get tracked are:
  - `data.json`
  - `main.js`
  - `styles.css`
  - `manifest.json`
- Improved loading experience while Sync connects to the remote vault.
- The "purge" button will now appear if storage is more than 95% full.
- Add command to open the activity log.
- Updated layout of the status bar menu.
- Clicking the statusbar item now always shows the Sync menu instead of opening the activity log.
- Tweak appearance of "Disconnect" button in settings.
- Syncing should be faster when processing pending sync changes.
- Don't throttle when main window is minimized or in the background.
- Improved the interface for inviting Sync collaborators to your vault.
- Fixed issue with "View version history" not working if file is not tracked in Sync.
- Fix disconnecting from vault sometimes hanging indefinitely.
- Automatically disconnect from vaults that do not exist.
- Standardized the "Vault not found" error message.
- Remove redundant disconnect button.
- Fixed issue where Sync would not reset your settings properly when switching to a different remote vault.

## No longer broken

- Fixed file contents flickering when switching away from a file with properties.
- Fixed clicking "Collapse all" sometimes requiring two clicks to work.
- Fixed `Redo` not working when triggered from the macOS app menu.
- Properties now inherit the page preview setting of whatever mode the view is in.
- Updated the "Move to new window" and "Open in new window" icons.
- Updated the context menu icons in the Bookmarks view to be consistent with the rest of the app.
- Fixed workspace layout not always saving after selecting a tab.
- Attempting to open an invalid URL will show a Notice instead of failing silently.
- Fixed vim mode crashing when dragging cursor over folded text.
- Allow clicking at start of line inside blockquote.
- Fixed scrolling when clicking next to scrollbar in a PDF.
- Fixed minimized main window doesn't adapt to system theme change.
- Fixed Backlinks view not always showing an empty state.
- Fixed toggling core plugins not always showing the settings "gear" icon immediately.
- Fixed checklists getting unfolded when clicking on the checkbox.
- Fixed list collapse indicators from extending into text in Live Preview.
- Fixed callout images getting clipped inside hover preview.
- Fixed appearance of "destructive" menu items when they are disabled.
- Views that cannot navigate (e.g. the File Explorer) will no longer show pinned icons if they are pinned in the workspace.
- Multiple consecutive spaces are no longer collapsed in file names.
- Fixed Canvas cards appearing blurry when a card contains a callout with a list.
- Fixed Outgoing Links unlinked mentions always showing the count as "0".
- Fixed "New" section in Obsidian Publish showing folders uncollapsed.

### Formatting

- Fixed incorrect formatting getting applied if selection has trailing newline.
- The "Toggle bullet list" command will now turn a task list into a bullet list.
- Fixed commands for toggling formatting sometimes not working on the last line of the editor.

### Settings

- Improved the layout of the login screen inside settings.
- Minor updates to the notices shown when installing community themes and plugins.
- The "Light themes only" toggle is no longer displayed when using 'adapt to system'.
- Improved drag and drop for the command palette reordering.
- Fixed reorder handler not working in pop-out windows.

### Search

- Search suggestions are dismissed when typing quoted string.
- Search suggestions will not show unless the cursor is at the end of the query, or the next character is a space.
- Clicking the "clear" button will no longer cause the search input to lose focus.

### Localization

- The Norsk language is now mapped to the Bokmål locale.

### Table

- Clicking in margin to right of table now focuses the editor.
- Fixed shift + arrow key not responding.
- Ensure cell updates from main editor correctly update cell offsets.
- Fix parsing math blocks inside table cells.
- Fixed double-click not working in table cells.
- Fixed rendering tables inside callouts.

### Source mode

- Fixed pressing `End` key not moving to end of line if cursor is in table.

### Live Preview

- Fix callout menu overlapping with URL menu when right-clicking on a link.
- Fix failing to render headings with trailing `#` at the end of the line.
- Fixed checklist items getting unfolded if cursor was inside a folded region.
- Allow blank lines in multi-line footnotes.

### Reading mode

- Reading mode will no longer render footnote refs that contain spaces.
- Fixed rendering of inline footnotes in reading mode.

### PDF

- Mitigation for PDF.js vulnerability ([CVE-2024-4367](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-wgrm-67xf-hhpq))

## Developers

- We have published [a guide](https://docs.obsidian.md/Plugins/User+interface/Right-to-left) for how to adapt your theme or plugin to support RTL interfaces.

### Themes

- Switched to Cascadia Mono instead of Cascadia Code for default monospace on Windows.
- Bold is now computed based on the current text weight, so bold inside a heading will still appear bold.
- Added `--caret-color` CSS variable to make it easier to style caret color on both desktop and mobile.
- Added new `--link-weight` variable.
- The user's interface language is added to the `lang` attribute on the `html` element, which allows language-specific CSS rules.
- The `.mod-rtl` class is added to `body` element when the user's interface language is RTL.

### Plugins

- Fixed `processFrontmatter` failing to process file if all properties are removed.
- Improve detection of external config changes.
- We've made several improvements to the behavior of `app.emulateMobile` that should make it easier to test that your plugins are mobile-compatible. Attempting to run a NodeJS library will present a Notice. Drag and drop will more accurately mirror the behavior on mobile. The app will have default `safe-area-inset` properties set so that your views properly account for offsets in the mobile device viewport (such as the iPhone Dynamic Island).
- Bare modals should respect `safe-area-insets` by default.
- Added loading state to some of the settings button that make remote requests.
- Global `app` has been completely removed from the API spec (previously it was marked as deprecated).
