---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2024-06-20
title: "1.6.4"
---

## Improvements

- Added "Publish current file" command and menu item to Obsidian Publish.
- Made minor tweaks to the names and descriptions of various settings.

## No longer broken

- Fixed duplicate menu items appearing in the context menu when right-clicking on a link inside an embed.
- Fixed "Quick start" from the vault screen not working if the location already exists.
- Fixed lag when dragging and dropping files in the file explorer with many open files.
- Fixed toggling checkbox on the last line of a file or callout.
- Fixed link autocompletion for headings (via `[[#`) sometimes generating invalid links.
- Fixed dragging and dropping folders in the file explorer generating incorrect folder names if there's a path conflict.
- Fixed links inside callouts not appearing in the Backlinks view.

### Tables

- Automatic link renaming now correctly escapes custom display text links (`\|`) inside tables.
- Adding a link via the Outgoing Links view now escapes the pipe (`\`) character if the link is inside a table.
- Fixed drag and drop not working in table cells.
- Fixed bug where undo/redo inside a table causes columns to disappear.

### Properties

- Improved the overall experience of editing files with inline properties hidden. If properties are hidden in the editor and the Properties core plugin is enabled, any action that attempts to focus the properties will now focus the property in the sidebar.
- Clicking on a property from the global search view now focuses the property.

### RTL

- Added better support for mixed LTR and RTL tables.
- Improved rendering of mixed LTR and RTL content inside exported PDFs.
- Made small fixes for tabs.
- No longer force right-alignment on the inline title.

### Editor

- Added "Copy" menu item when right-clicking on external links. This copies the displayed text, not the underlying URL.
- Bold links now have the correct text weight applied.
- Fixed links inside headings having the incorrect text weight applied.
- Fixed the color of bare external links.
- Fixed formatting commands when the selected text contains a task list.
- Fixed backslashes (`\`) inside inline code getting hidden.
- Updated the letter spacing on smaller headings.
- Fixed the `--bold-weight` CSS variable not being correctly computed in some places.

### Workspace

- The "Split right" menu item and command are no longer available if the active tab is in the sidebar.
- The inline find/replace bar now uses icon buttons instead of text buttons.
- When the app is full screen, the maximize button now turns into a "restore" button in the window frame.
- Fixed translucency on macOS when the app ribbon is visible.
- Fixed several animation glitches with the sidebars when they are opened and closed.
- Fixed issue where items inside the `View` menu on the macOS application bar did not reflect the current state of the app.
- Updated the appearance of dropdowns across the app.

### App Ribbon

- Fixed issue with app ribbon items getting reordered incorrectly after drag and drop.
- Disabling and reenabling plugins no longer causes the position of their ribbon items to be lost.
