---
tags:
  - desktop
date: 2024-11-04
title: "1.7.5"
---

## No longer broken

- Updated the behavior of the "Add internal link" command so the cursor is placed at the end of the link text, and the link suggestion pop-up appears.
- Fixed issues where Sync Sidebar timestamps would not reflect changes made locally.
- Improved render performance of Canvas when there are many nodes on the screen.
- Fixed issues where the attachment folder would be displayed incorrectly in settings.
- Fixed regression where the "Add tag" command was not causing the tag suggestions to appear.
- Fixed bug where Sandbox vault would fail to load if the "Start here" file was missing.
- File Explorer: "Reveal in file navigation" now waits for the view to load.
- Fixed bug where tree components (such as the Outline view) would be slow to refresh on Android.
- Fixed bug where switching between Obsidian and other apps would cause the navigation bar and the toolbar to both be active.
- Fixed "Installing theme" notice not disappearing when installing a legacy theme.
- Fixed middle-click not closing tabs.
- Fixed bug where Graph view options would sometimes get overridden when opening a new graph view.

## Developers

- The installer has been updated to use Electron v32 (requires downloading [the latest installer](https://obsidian.md)).
- Fixed vim `langmap` failing to load properly.
- Added a new debug mode for developers. To enable, run `app.debugMode(true);` in developer tools. When active, inline source maps will not be stripped from loaded plugins.
- Fixed MarkdownCodeBlockProcessor adding an extra newline when in reading mode.
