---
tags:
  - desktop
date: 2024-10-16
title: "1.7.0"
---
## Shiny new things

- Obsidian Sync: the new Sync History view shows a list of edits across the vault, useful when [collaborating on a shared vault](https://help.obsidian.md/Obsidian+Sync/Collaborate+on+a+shared+vault). Activate it using the "Sync: Show Sync history" command.
- You can now click inside a page preview to edit it without opening the note.

## Improvements

### Performance

- Views now load only when visible, improving startup performance and memory usage. This might cause issues with some plugins. We have [published a guide](https://docs.obsidian.md/Plugins/Guides/Understanding+deferred+views) to help developers update their plugins.
- Renaming files is now faster in large vaults.
- Canvas: Improved performance when panning. There should no longer be a flicker when cards enter and exit the viewport. If you're still seeing related issues, please try switching to default theme.
- Added a new screen in settings (General → Advanced) to show the total app load time. You can also enable a toggle to get a notified when startup takes too long, including details for debugging.
- Fixed choppy scrolling between linked Markdown views.

### Editable page previews and footnotes

- Added a right-click menu for footnotes to delete both the footnote and its reference.
- You can now create new footnotes by clicking on the hover preview of a footnote ID.
- Pressing `Esc` now instantly closes the page preview while editing.
- Page previews will stay open even if the window loses focus or the command palette appears.

### Obsidian URI

- Improvements to Obsidian URI `new`:
  - Allows the use of `clipboard` instead of `content` to insert the contents of the clipboard.
  - Allows the use of `prepend` instead of `append` to add to the top of the file.
  - `prepend` and `append` will both attempt to merge properties.
- Daily Notes: New `daily` Obsidian URI action to automatically open or create your daily note.

### Misc.

- Obsidian Publish collaborators can now edit content-related site options, including the order of sidebar items.
- Obsidian Sync: You can now filter the activity log.
- Updated to Electron v31.6.0.
- Spellcheck is now disabled for inline tags, and inside prompts like the quick switcher and command palette.
- Added support for `x.com` embeds in addition to `twitter.com`.
- Right-clicking in the gutter of a Markdown view now lets you quickly toggle line numbers or readable line width.
- The "Make copy of" menu item has been renamed to "Duplicate" on macOS to match OS conventions.
- Frontmatter is now hidden inside embedded editors such as Canvas file nodes and page preview.
- Dragging a `.webloc` or `.url` file into the editor creates a Markdown link with the filename as the display text.
- Hovering over a notice keeps it on screen until you move the mouse away.
- The "Close all other tabs" command no longer closes pinned tabs.
- The "Close all tabs in tab group" command is no longer available in sidebars.
- "Insert Markdown link" and "Insert internal link" commands now support multiple cursors.

## No longer broken

- Fixed issue where "clear" would overlap text inside prompts like the quick switcher.
- Fixed bug where search queries using `line:`, `block:`, and `task:` only returned matching files instead of the matching content.
- Pressing `ArrowDown` when the inline title is focused now properly focuses the editor if the property editor is hidden.
- Fixed issue where renaming a file would mangle Markdown links if the link destination was inside angle brackets.
- Fixed issue where moving a PDF view to a pop-out window caused errors.
- Fixed issue where "Export to PDF" created visual artifacts next to external links in right-to-left text.
- Fixed bug where some commands would cause the editor autocomplete to appear unexpectedly.
- Fixed bug where Obsidian Sync could deactivate itself when syncing to a device with "Sync core plugins" disabled.
- Fixed issue with the PDF view showing the wrong icon in the search bar.
- Fixed issue with inline YouTube previews not showing for some links.
- Context menus now display correctly in right-to-left mode.
- Fixed issue where links in footnotes appeared twice in the outgoing links view.
- Fixed bug where canvas files could become corrupted if they contained a file node with a custom property type.
- Long filenames no longer display an ellipsis at the end when being renamed.
- Fixed issue where clicking on a filename while renaming it would cancel the rename.
- The editor context menu no longer shows *Formatting* options when the selection is within a link or tag.
- Fixed issue where using the "Fold all" command on a long Markdown file incorrectly folded lines inside code blocks.
- Fixed bug where the link autocomplete sometimes generated invalid Markdown links without the `.md` file extension.
- Fixed an unresponsive area in the top corner of the screen when a notification was present.
- Fixed issue where popover scroll position reset when the popover was repositioned on the screen.
- Fixed issue where formatting commands were not always applied to table cell selections.
- Fixed bug where clicking on a tag in the Tag view would sometimes bring up the search suggestion box.
- Fixed bug where SVG files would not always show in page previews.
- Fixed issue where "Log out" wouldn't work if the server thought you were already logged out.
- Fixed issue where the PDF view's "copy link to selection" did not include display text if "Use wikilinks" was turned off.
- Fixed issue where the ">" character after a bare link was incorrectly parsed as a quote block.
- Fixed bug where items were not always visible after filtering in the Outline view.
- Fixed issue where search highlights were not cleared when the current Outline view filter was cleared.
- Fixed the "Insert link" command creating incorrect text selections.
- Fixed an issue where "Export to PDF..." sometimes exported white text.
- Fixed a bug causing some editor suggestions from plugins to not update.
- Fixed keyboard navigation issues between the inline title, properties, and editor.
- Fixed "Insert internal link" not triggering autocomplete.
- Fixed cut/copy/paste not working when editing bookmark titles.
- Fixed a bug where creating a Markdown embed sometimes showed "undefined" as the display text.
- Fixed mouse back/forward buttons being processed twice in popout windows.
- Obsidian Sync: Fixed "Show diff" toggle not always working in Sync History.
- Clicking a property search result no longer focuses the File Properties view if frontmatter is visible in the document.
- Fixed styling issues with invalid frontmatter when "Properties in document" is set to "source."
- Clicking "Check for updates" no longer causes layout shifts.
- Fixed a bug where Obsidian would not always wait for pending filesystem operations before quitting.
- Live preview now only escapes special characters (not letters and numbers).
- Fixed bug where escape characters at the start of a list item disappeared in Live Preview.
- Fixed issue where files couldn’t be moved into folders with a file of the same name but different capitalization.
- Fixed issue where links with custom display text under a table confused the Markdown parser.
- Vim: The latest bugfixes from our vim library (`codemirror-vim`) have been added. This includes fixes for arrow navigation on wrapped lines.
- Editor commands no longer trigger when the tab title is focused.
- Fixed URI action always getting delivered to the main window instead of the active pop-out window.
- Fixed clipboard URI actions not working when a pop-out window is active.
- Fixed issue with community themes only showing light or dark themes when the current theme is set to adapt to system.
- Fixed issue where sidebar tabs would stay focused after collapsing the sidebar.
- Fixed `Shift-ArrowUp` in the editor causing the inline title to get focused.

## Developers

- Plugin installation now automatically strips sourcemaps, making plugins smaller and faster to load.
- Theme developers: REM units are now synced with the base font size.
- Lucide icons have been updated to 0.446.0.
- Fixed `requestUrl` failing silently when the URL fails to resolve.
