---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2024-08-27
title: "1.7.1"
---

## Improvements

- Added a new screen in settings (General → Advanced) to show the total app load time. You can also enable a toggle to get a notified when startup takes too long, including details for debugging.
- Page previews will stay open even if the window loses focus or the command palette appears.
- Spellcheck is now disabled for inline tags.
- Pressing `Esc` now instantly closes the page preview while editing.
- Dragging a `.webloc` or `.url` file into the editor creates a Markdown link with the filename as the display text.
- Hovering over a notice keeps it on screen until you move the mouse away.
- Added a right-click menu for footnotes to delete both the footnote and its reference.
- Fixed math rendering in footnotes.

## No longer broken

- Fixed the "Insert link" command creating incorrect text selections.
- Fixed an issue where "Export to PDF..." sometimes exported white text.
- Fixed a bug causing some editor suggestions from plugins to not update.
- Fixed keyboard navigation issues between the inline title, properties, and editor.
- Fixed "Insert internal link" not triggering autocomplete.
- Fixed cut/copy/paste not working when editing bookmark titles.
- Fixed a bug where clicking "create footnote" could create multiple footnotes.
- Fixed editing nested page previews.
- Fixed a bug where creating a Markdown embed sometimes showed "undefined" as the display text.
- Fixed mouse back/forward buttons being processed twice in popout windows.
- Obsidian Sync: Fixed "Show diff" toggle not always working in Sync History.
- Clicking a property search result no longer focuses the File Properties view if frontmatter is visible in the document.
- Fixed styling issues with invalid frontmatter when "Properties in document" is set to "source."
- Clicking "Check for updates" no longer causes layout shifts.

## Developers

- Plugin installation now automatically strips sourcemaps, making plugins smaller and faster to load.
- Theme developers: REM units are now synced with the base font size.
