---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2025-01-28
title: "1.8.3"
---

## Improvements

- Recently used commands now appear at the top of the command palette.  
- The editor suggestions now scroll back to the top on input changes.  
- Middle-clicking on the tab forward/back navigation buttons now opens the file in a new tab.  
- Added a "Comment" option to the editor context menu under the "Format" submenu.  
- Improved handling of files with invalid frontmatter:  
  - Reading mode shows an error message at the top of the file.
  - The "Add property" command now shows an error instead of removing invalid frontmatter.  

## No longer broken

- Fixed line renumbering issue when pasting multi-line list items. Subsequent numbers now update correctly.  
- Pressing `Enter` in a multi-line list item now continues the list properly.  
- Fixed regression where the "Open in new window" command caused files to fail to open.  
- Fixed "Toggle comment" command sometimes placing the cursor in the wrong position.  
- Fixed hover preview sometimes appearing in the wrong position.  
- Fixed issue where closing a pop-out window at certain times prevented events like saving the workspace from firing.  
- Fixed issue where the "Toggle backlinks in document" command threw an error.  
- Fixed bug where opening a note with folded headings didn’t restore folds correctly if a heading contained a code block.  
- Fixed graph view errors when setting "force" options to `0`.  
- Fixed page preview not working reliably in Graph view:  
  - Hovering over nodes now reliably opens page previews.  
  - Hovering then pressing the modifier key also opens the page preview.  
  - Hovering over multiple nodes in quick succession now properly updates the preview.  
- Clicking a link in the sidebar (without pressing a modifier) now focuses the tab as expected.  
- Canvas: Fixed issue where double-clicking a node label switched the node to edit mode.  
