---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2025-06-26
title: "1.9.3"
---

## Improvements

- Changes to `cssclasses`, `aliases`, and `tags` properties:
  - Invalid values will no longer be hidden in Bases and the property editor.
  - String values are now accepted as valid values for these properties. For example: `tags: 'my-tag'` is no longer marked as invalid. Invalid property values, such as `tags: 'tag1, tag2'` will now be visible in the property editor and marked as invalid.
  - In the "Format converter" core plugin, there is a new option to fix any incorrectly formatted `aliases`, `tags`, and `cssclasses` in your vault. It will also migrate your old `alias`, `tag`, and `cssclass` properties to the new format.
- Property editor is now available inside page preview and Canvas.
- Right-clicking on a folder in the file titlebar now shows the folder menu.
- Improvements to the display of an "unknown" tab. Added option to close all unknown tabs.
- Page preview: Added button to open preview in current tab.
- When there is not enough room to display the whole path in the titlebar, the folders will be truncated before the file name.

### Bases

- Added a new "Cards" view format. Display your files in a grid, and optionally assign a cover image to each file.
- Bases now respects "Excluded files" setting.
- Formulas now support inequality comparisons with strings (e.g. `date > "YYYY-MM-DD"`)
- Added a new "duration" type. You can use this to display the difference between dates (e.g. `note.release_date - today()`).
- Added `Date#relative()` to see when a date was relative to now.
- `date()` now handles timestamps in the format `YYYYMMDD` and `YYYYMMDDHHmm`.

- Formulas: Fixed bug where multiple divisions would not work (e.g. `10 / 5 / 2`).
- Formulas: Fixed `hasLink()` not resolving links with subpaths (e.g. `file#heading`)
- Infinity is now rendered as ∞.
- Formulas: `link()` can now be used with external links.
- Fixed issues with reading and writing properties when they have different cases in different files (e.g. `Property` vs `property`)
- `group_by` has been renamed to `groupBy`.
- Table: Fixed sort arrows appearing in the wrong direction.
- Table: Improved support for RTL languages.
- Table: Improved sort behavior of links, URLs, durations, and dates.
- Table: Right-click on the file name now shows "Delete file" menu option.
- Added "New item" toolbar button to automatically create a file that matches the filters of the current view.
- Added "Sort" toolbar menu. Views can now be sorted by properties not visible in the current view.

## No longer broken

- Search: Fixed "tag:" results not appearing if the "tags" property has any capital letters in the property name (e.g. "Tags")
- Fixed regression in PDF view where some text selections cannot be copied.
- Fixed regression where property editor would display unknown property values as "text" properties.
- Fixed bug where closing a tab while hovering over the "link" icon would not cause the link highlight to get removed.
- Canvas: Fixed "New group" not selecting the label text by default.
- "Export to PDF" no longer causes the screen to briefly flash white in dark mode.
- Improved the rendering of codeblocks inside quoteblocks.
