---
tags:
  - desktop
  - insider
date: 2025-05-22
title: "1.9.1"
---

## Breaking Changes

- We've renamed the built-in functions for Bases from `snake_case` to `camelCase`. We believe this naming schema is more consistent with the Obsidian API and therefore better adapted for plugin authors to extend. This will impact all your existing filters and formulas so please be sure to go through your existing `.base` files and correct them.
- We've made a change to how Bases files are stored in the workspace.json. After updating, if you have any open Bases files, Obsidian will say "plugin not found." Your data is still there and you just need to reopen the file.

## Improvements

- Bases: Uneditable cells are now grayed out.
- Bases: Added new `date` and `time` functions for extracting date or time out of a datetime. (e.g. `date(now())`).
- Bases: Added new `split` function to split a string.

## No longer broken

- Bases: Properties menu shows all relevant properties in the list by default.
- Bases: Minor improvements to how formula cells render complex values.
- Bases: Property menu properly refreshs after deleting a formula property.
- Bases: Filter and formula syntax now handles non-Latin characters in property names.
- Bases: Fix filter menu closing automatically when Base file is inside a pop-out window.
- Bases: "Copy table to clipboard" handles more complex values without showing `[object Object]`.
- Bases: You can now choose in settings if you want Page preview to require the modifier key for Bases files.
- Bases: Fixed `floor(0)` function showing an empty cell.
- Bases: Fixed `min` function returning the maximum value by mistake.
- Bases: Fixed `max` function showing an error.
- Bases: `contains` function is now case-insensitive.
- Bases: `inFolder` function no longer shows an error when no folder is specified.
- Bases: Fixed the "New base" menu item not giving input focus to the filename.
- Bases: Fixed Bases file not fully rendering when placed inside a sidebar and the sidebar toggles open.
- Bases: Fixed app layout shifting when typing in the Property menu.
- Quick Switcher: ".base" files are now shown by default.
- "Open linked view" menu only shows views that are applicable to the current file type.
