There are many ways to drag and drop things around Obsidian to make the experience smoother:

### Drag panes

See [[Working with multiple notes#5 Panes can be rearranged by dragging|dragging panes]]

### Drag sources

- You can drag a file, or multiple files from the [[file explorer]].
- You can drag a file from a [[search]] result.
- You can drag a file from [[backlinks]] or unlinked references.
- You can drag a file from the [[starred notes]].
- You can drag a file from a link inside the note, in preview mode.

### Drop destinations

- You can drop a file on a pane header to open the file there. Hold `Alt` (or `Shift` on MacOS) to drop anywhere on the pane.
- You can drop a file on a folder in the [[file explorer]] to move the file there.
- You can drop a file into an editor to insert it as a link. The generated link also follows your preferences, such as relative paths, or using markdown links.
- You can drop a file on the [[starred notes]] to star it.

### Dragging from outside Obsidian

- You can drag any HTML content from the browser into Obsidian to automatically convert them into Markdown
- You can drag and drop any files from your native file explorer to have Obsidian import (make a copy of) those files in your vault's attachment folder and insert them as internal links. Hold `Ctrl` to create `file:///` absolute links to those files instead of importing a copy.

### Dropping files outside Obsidian

- This will create an `obsidian://` URL in the external application for the Obsidian note that you dragged.
