There are many ways to drag and drop things around Obsidian to make the experience smoother:

### Drag tabs

See [[استفاده از زبانه‌ها در اوبسیدین#Arrange tabs|Arrange tabs]].

### Drag sources

- You can drag a file, or multiple files from the [[مرورگرِ پرونده‌ها]].
- You can drag a file from a [[جست‌وجو]] result.
- You can drag a file from [[پشت‌وندها]] or unlinked references.
- You can drag a file from a link inside the note, in preview mode.

### Drop destinations

- You can drop a file on a tab header to open the file there. Hold `Alt` (or `Shift` on macOS) to drop anywhere in the tab.
- You can drop a file on a folder in the [[مرورگرِ پرونده‌ها]] to move the file there.
- You can drop a file into an editor to insert it as a link. The generated link also follows your preferences, such as relative paths, or using Markdown links.
- You can drop a file on the [[نشانک‌ها]] tab to bookmark it.

### Dragging from outside Obsidian

- You can drag any HTML content from the browser into Obsidian to automatically convert them into Markdown
- You can drag and drop any files from your native file explorer to have Obsidian import (make a copy of) those files in your vault's attachment folder and insert them as internal links. Hold `Ctrl` on Windows/Linux or `Option` on macOS to create `file:///` absolute links to those files instead of importing a copy.

### Dropping files outside Obsidian

- This creates an `obsidian://` URL in the external application for the Obsidian note that you dragged.
