---
aliases:
  - Customization/Appearance
---
### Color scheme

Obsidian comes with two color schemes, light and dark. By default, the color scheme is set to adapt to your operating system. You can change this by going to **Settings → Appearance**.

### Custom themes

You can change the appearance of Obsidian by using [[themes|custom themes]]. Browse hundreds of community-made themes by going to **Settings → Appearance**, then click **Manage** to view and install themes.

You can also tweak themes using [[CSS snippets]] and [build your own theme](https://docs.obsidian.md/Themes/App+themes/Build+a+theme) .

### Custom app icon

You can change the Obsidian desktop app icon. Try the icon editor featured on [our blog](https://obsidian.md/blog/new-obsidian-icon/) to customize the icon colors to your liking.

To change the Obsidian app icon, follow these steps:

1. Open **Settings**.
2. Select **Appearance** on the left.
3. Scroll down to the **Advanced** section.
4. Under **Custom app icon** click **Choose** .
5. Pick your desired icon from your filesystem.  Accepted file formats are `.icns`, `.ico`, `.png`, and `.svg`.
6. Click **Relaunch**.
7. After Obsidian restarts, your new icon should appear in the taskbar on desktop and on your screen on mobile.

> [!tip] Custom app icon in the  Windows taskbar 
> For certain Windows operating systems, an extra step may be needed to adjust the custom app icon in the taskbar.
> 
> Follow these steps:
> - Right-click the Obsidian icon on your taskbar or desktop shortcut.
> - Right-click the name Obsidian (skip this step for the desktop icon).
> - Choose **Properties**.
> - Click **Change Icon**.
> - Locate the icon on your file system.
> - Click **OK**.
> 
> Afterward, you have the option to either restart `explorer.exe` within the task manager or restart your computer to apply the changes you made.

### Translucency

On MacOS you can make the Obsidian window translucent by enabling this option in the settings **Appearance** tab.

> [!info]- Windows and translucency
> The Obsidian team removed translucency in Windows for version 1.15.11 due to Electron's removal of the feature.
