- Includes all new functionality and bug fixes of Obsidian Desktop v0.12.2.
- **Shiny new things**
	- You can now share the current open file to other apps in the more options menu if you have "Open in default app" core plugin enabled.
	- Fixed new panes didn't appear right away when you enable core plugins, like outline and starred, and required a restart.
	- You can now see the app's version in the About setting tab.
- **Mobile Toolbar**:
	- The configuration tool can now drag-and-drop to reorder toolbar items.
	- The toolbar has been rewritten in anticipation of new upcoming APIs. As a result of this, you may need to re-configure the toolbar order.
	- The toolbar will no longer show up if you remove all items.
- **Editor improvements**:
	- Clicking search results, backlink items, or outline items will now properly scroll and highlight the target in edit mode.
	- Folding is now implemented in edit mode.
	- Fixed link suggestion not working for headings.
	- You can now click on links in edit mode, which will trigger a popup that can be used to navigate.
	- Lists that wraps to the next line will be indented instead of starting at the very left.
- **Swipe actions**:
	- You can now use two-finger swipe left/right to navigate back/forward.
	- Will no longer accidentally trigger on `canvas` objects, which affects graphs and the excalidraw plugin.
	- Will now be ignored when coming from a stylus.
- **iOS specific**:
	- Fixed couldn't rename files with long names because it wraps into a hidden area.
	- Implemented deleting files to system trash. Deleted files can then be restored from the Files app.
	- Fixed Audio recorder plugin on iOS 14.5+.
	- File explorer should no longer show some files with a bigger font than others.
	- Rotating the screen no longer causes some paragraphs to have a bigger font.
	- Fixed iCloud initial sync causes errors when Obsidian boots up.
	- When creating new vaults, the iCloud toggle will now be off by default to avoid accidentally setting up Obsidian Sync in iCloud.
	- Fixed checkboxes misaligned.
- **Other general improvements**:
	- Fixed deleting files to `.trash` folder not working properly.
	- Fixed flicker when using the font slider in the Appearance setting tab.
	- Fixed long-press the three dot menu stopped working. It should now open the more options menu directly.
	- Fixed the UI of File recovery plugin.
	- "Link" button will now always show in unlinked mentions on mobile.
	- Plugins that create a status bar item will no longer crash.
	- Menus triggered from file explorer will now have the file name indicated at the top.
	