Released on 2020/07/21.

## Shiny new things

- There's now a new Outline plugin, which works in the same way as the backlinks pane. An "unlinked" sidebar pane will show the outline of the current file, while a "linked" pane will always show the outline of the linked pane.
- Open with Default App plugin now also adds "Show in Folder" option which will open the system file manager and highlight the file.
- You can now scroll beyond the last line of the file.
- HTML tags with `style` properties are now allowed to be added to elements, style all the things!
- HTML `iframe` tags are now allowed, which can be used to embed various external pages like YouTube, Google Maps, etc.

## Changes

- Graph view now has smoother fading animations when hovering with mouse.
- Search regex now uses multiline mode, which means `^` will now match beginning of line and `$` will now match end of line.
- Link auto-complete and quick switcher would match the file name as a priority, instead of always matching the full path. This should improve the match ordering for searcher that contain characters in the parent folder, such as searching for "task" in "test/task.md" which previously matched "[t]est/t[ask]" instead of "test/[task]".
- The HTML sanitizer is now a lot faster, making large documents more performant.

## No longer broken

- Switching between edit mode and preview mode no longer loses your scroll position from the top, so you won't have to scroll all the way down again.
- Global search fixes:
	- "quoted string" did not properly match full words when containing punctuation or whitespace characters, such as "- [ ]". It should work now.
	- /regex/ previously required two backslashes to escape characters, for example, `/\[\]/` previously didn't work, requiring `/\\[\\]/`. Now you don't need to add the second backslash.
	- When clicking on a search result, sometimes the highlights were off by a few characters. This was caused by Windows-style line endings "\r", and should no longer cause any trouble.
	- Search results sometimes didn't show all results when scrolling. Also sometimes the results would flicker and jump around. That should stop happening now.
	- Fixed search operator `ignore-case:` previously made the search case sensitive instead of what it says it does, oops.
- Link autocomplete should no longer generates a leading `/` for relative links.
- Fixed `]]` not properly styled in headings, which made them appear really small.
- Table headers are now properly aligned using table alignment options.
- Fixed editor horizontal scrollbar hidden behind text, so it could not be interacted with.
- Fixed `$$` latex blocks couldn't contain single dollar signs `$`.
- Backlinks pane now no longer cause lag when switching documents in a vault with heavy linking.
